SCHEDULE
to the
2002 Master Agreement
dated as of June 13th, 2022
between
SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE
( "Party A")
and
each entity listed on Appendix I to the Schedule hereto, severally and not jointly (each such entity, "Party B")
Each party listed on Appendix I hereto, which may be amended from time to time, shall be referred to individually as "Party B". It is understood and agreed that this Agreement (the ISDA Master Agreement, Schedule and Credit Support Annex) shall take effect as a separate agreement between Party A and each Party B in respect of Transactions entered into between them as if each Party B had executed a separate document naming only itself as Party B (a "Separate Agreement") and that no party listed on this Appendix I shall have any liability under this document for the obligations of any other party so listed.
In particular, without limitation, Section 1(c) shall take effect so that a single agreement shall be formed by the Agreement and all Confirmations between Party A and each individual Party B and the provisions of Section 5 and 6 shall apply separately in relation to each Party B so that an Event of Default in respect of one Party B shall not be treated as an Event of Default in respect of any other Party B.
With respect to any particular Party B, only Confirmations of Transactions between Party A and that particular Party B shall be part of the Separate Agreement between Party A and that Party B, references in the Agreement to the Schedule shall be deemed to refer to the Schedule as prepared for such party and the term "this Agreement" shall be construed accordingly.
Part 1
Termination Provisions
(a)	 " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:―
Section 5(a)(v): Not applicable Section 5(a)(vi): Not applicable Section 5(a)(vii): Not applicable Section 5(b)(v): Not applicable
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): Not applicable Section 5(a)(vi): Not applicable Section 5(a)(vii): Not applicable Section 5(b)(v): Not applicable
(b)	 _Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 14, unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, the "Default Rate" shall be a rate per annum equal to the Federal Funds (Effective) rate in effect for such day as published in the most recent weekly statistical release designated as H.15(519) or any successor publication, published by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, plus 1%._
(c)	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(d)	 The " Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and to Party B, provided that (i) the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared" shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and (ii) the following language shall be added to the end thereof:--
"Notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (i) the default was caused solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (ii) funds were available to enable the party to make the payment when due; and (iii) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of such party's receipt of written notice of its failure to pay."
"Specified Indebtedness" in relation to Party A, will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement but shall exclude indebtedness in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of business.
"Threshold Amount" means with respect to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of shareholder's equity, and with respect to Party B: 3% of its Net Asset Value.
(e)	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply to Party A and Party B.
(f)	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and Party B.
(g)	 " Termination Currency" means USD.
(h)	 Additional Termination Event. The occurrence of the following event shall constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party A, with Party A as the sole Affected Party and all Transactions as Affected Transactions:
" Ratings Event" means, with respect to Party A:
On any day during the term hereof, the rating of the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Party A or its Credit Support Provider, if any, is withdrawn, suspended or reduced below BBB-, if rated by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group and Baa2, if rated by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or if Party A's aforementioned obligations do not have a rating by at least one of these agencies. For the purpose of this event, Party A will be the sole Affected Party.
The occurrence of the following event shall constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party B with Party B as the sole Affected Party and all Transactions as the Affected Transactions:
(1)	 "Total Net Assets ( "TNA") Decline Event" means, with respect to Party B, the TNA of Party B as of any date is less than $1.5 billion.
"Total Net Assets" or "TNA" means, as used with respect to Party B, the total assets minus the total liabilities of Party B, as indicated on Party B's website or in any communication from Party B to Party A, or from Party B to any of its investors, which statement of TNA shall be prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for balance sheet purposes.
(2)	 "Material Amendment " means with respect to Party B, any of the constituent documents of Party B (including without limitation the investment restrictions of Party B) is amended or modified in a manner which, in the reasonable judgment of Party A, materially and adversely affects Party A's rights or remedies or the authority or ability of Party B to perform timely and in full any of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder.
(3)	 "Key Person(s)/ General Partner Event " means with respect to Party B:
United States Commodity Funds LLC (or any successor or affiliate of United States Commodity Funds LLC) ceases to be the commodity pool operator or the General Partner of Party B, and, in the reasonable judgment of Party A, such event materially and adversely affects Party A's rights or remedies or the authority or ability of Party B to perform timely and in full any of its obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder.
(4)	 " Minimum Net Asset Value Event" means with respect to Party B:
During any calendar month, the Net Asset Value of Party B (inclusive of shareholder redemptions and withdrawals) declines 35% or more from the immediately preceding calendar month-end.
As used in this Agreement, "Net Asset Value" means, as of the relevant date, the Total Assets of Party B minus the Total Adjusted Liabilities of Party B (each valued at the market price therefor as of such date). "Total Assets" means all assets, and "Total Adjusted Liabilities" means all liabilities, as would generally be classified as such in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America for balance sheet purposes.
Part 2
Tax Representations
(a)	 Payer Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement:―
(i)	 Party A and Party B each make the following representation:―
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	 Payee Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B make the following representations:
It is a "foreign person" within the meaning of United States Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-4(a)(4) and a "non-U.S. branch of a foreign person" within the meaning of United States Treasury regulation section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii); it is a resident of France within the meaning of the Specified Treaty; it is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision or the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement; no such payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment in the United States of America; and such payment will not be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States of America.
" Specified Treaty" means the income tax convention between the United States of America and France.
For the purposes of Section 3(f), Party B makes the following representations:
It is a "U.S. person" (as that term is used in Section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for United States federal income tax purposes.
(c)	 Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax "). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:―
(a)	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	 Form/Document/Certificate 	 Date by which to be delivered Party A 	 An executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) 	 (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) every three years thereafter, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any form W-9 or any successor thereto) previously provided by Party A has become obsolete or incorrect Party B 	 An executed United States Internal revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor form) with respect to any payments received or to be received by Party B in connection with this Agreement. 	 (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) every three years thereafter, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any form W-9 or any successor thereto) previously provided by Party B has become obsolete or incorrect
(b)	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party Required to deliver Document 	 Form/Document/Certificate 	 Date by which to be Delivered 	 Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	 A copy of its most recent annual report containing audited financial statements. 	 Promptly upon request, provided, however, if such information is available on a party's website, then such information shall be deemed to have been delivered 	 Yes Party A And Party B 	 Executed copy of each Credit Support Document specified in Part 4 of the Schedule with respect to such party 	 Upon or prior to the execution hereof 	 Yes Party A And Party B 	 A Certificate of Authority and specimen signature of the persons authorized to execute this Agreement and each Confirmation on behalf of such party. 	 Upon execution of this Agreement and thereafter upon the reasonable request of the other party. 	 Yes Party B 	 A copy of those portions of the organizational documents, constituent documents, investment policies, procedures, restrictions, or guidelines or other documents evidencing the authority of Party B to enter into and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and each Transaction 	 Promptly upon request 	 Yes Party B 	 Monthly investment reports of Party B which outline Party B's Net Asset Value ("Monthly NAV Reports") as of the most recent calendar month end 	 Within 30 calendar of each calendar month end; provided, however, if such information is available on Party B's website within such time period, then such information shall be deemed to have been delivered. 	 Yes
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(a)	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
(i)	 With respect to notices pursuant to Section 5 and Section 6 of the Agreement:
Attention: Head of Market Risk Management (RISQ/MAR)
Societe Generale, Tour Basalte, RISQ/MAR, 92987 PARIS LA DEFENSE 7 CEDEX Telephone n°: 33 (0)1 42 13 60 58
With a copy to:
Societe Generale New York Branch 245 Park Avenue, 10th Floor Attention: Corporate Credit Group New York, NY 10167
Telephone No.: 212-278-6000
and
Societe Generale, New York Branch 245 Park Avenue
Attention: Legal Group Head, Documentation New York, NY 10167
Telephone No.: 212 278-6000
E-mail: us-legal-nego@sgcib.com
(ii)	 With respect to all other notices or communications:
Societe Generale, New York Branch
245 Park Avenue
Attention: Legal Group Head, Documentation
New York, NY 10167
Telephone No.: 212 278-6000
E-mail: us-legal-nego@sgcib.com
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	 United States Commodity Funds 1850 Mt. Diablo Boulevard, Suite 640 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Attention: 	 John Love Telephone No.: 	 (510) 522-9600 E-mail: 	 trading@uscfinvestments.com With a copy to:
Address: 	 United States Commodity Funds 1850 Mt. Diablo Boulevard, Suite 640 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Attention: 	 Daphne Frydman Telephone No.: 	 (510) 522-9600 E-mail: 	 dfrydman@uscfinvestments.com
(b)	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent:
Societe Generale, New York Branch 245 Park Avenue, 11th Floor
New York, NY 10167
Attention: General Counsel's Office
Party B's Process Agent will be its legal officer at its address for notices or, in his or her absence, any other senior officer of Party B at such address.
(c)	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d)	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through its head Office in Paris and its branch Office in London.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e)	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A, unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction; provided , however , that if Party A is either (i) a Defaulting Party, or (ii) if the parties are unable to agree on a particular determination made by the Calculation Agent, the parties will designate a mutually acceptable leading dealer in the relevant market either in the case of (i) above, to be the Calculation Agent, or in the case of (ii) above, to make such determination ("Substitute Calculation Agent") which determination shall be binding absent manifest error. If the parties are unable to agree on a Substitute Calculation Agent, each of the parties shall elect an independent dealer and such two dealers shall agree on a third party, who shall be deemed to be the Substitute Calculation Agent. The cost of the Substitute Calculation Agent shall be borne equally by both parties.
(f)	 Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:
Credit Support Annex forming a part of this Agreement, the terms of which are incorporated by reference herein.
(g)	 Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party A, none.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B, none.
(h)	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. Sections 13(a) and (b) of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced with the following:
"(a)	 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
(b)	 Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action, or proceedings relating to any dispute arising out of or connection with this Agreement ("Proceedings"), each party irrevocably:
(i)	 submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City; and
(ii)	 waives any objection to which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party."
(i)	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement to any Transactions of the same product type (in each case starting from the date of this Agreement)."
(j)	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k)	 Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c):
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, None
(l)	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g):
will apply to this Agreement with respect to Party A.
will apply to this Agreement with respect to Party B.
(m)	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
(i)            Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):―
(1)	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(2)	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3)	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(n)	 Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(a)	 Section 3(a) - Basic Representations \- is amended to add the following new sub-section:
(vi)          Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract participant" defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.
(b)	 Confirmations. Any Specified Transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction and without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of Specified Transaction) into which the parties have entered or may enter and in respect of which confirming evidence does not expressly exclude the application of this Agreement shall be governed by this Agreement. Any such confirmation shall be a "Confirmation", and any such transaction shall be deemed to constitute a Transaction for the purpose of this Agreement. In particular, it is agreed that where in terms of standard industry practice confirmation is by electronic messaging system or SWIFT, such confirmation shall serve as a Confirmation irrespective of whether reference is made to this Agreement in such Confirmation.
(c)	 Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to a trial by jury with respect to any Proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any Transaction.
(d)	 Incorporation of the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 18 of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivative Association, Inc. on July 15th 2003 are incorporated and apply to this Agreement.
(e)	 Additional Representations of Party B and the General Partner .
Party B and Party B's general partner, the United States Commodity Funds LLC (the "General Partner") each represent and warrant and shall be deemed to represent and warrant to Party A at all times until the termination of this Agreement that:
(1)	 Party A is entitled to rely conclusively upon and will incur no liability from operating pursuant to any request, instruction, certificate, representation or other document furnished to Party A, or action taken, by any employee or agent of the General Partner in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions thereunder, as though the same had been given or made by Party B, unless and until such time as Party B delivers written notice to Party A affirmatively revoking, terminating or modifying such authorization.
(2)	 None of the assets of Party B are, or will be at any time while any Transactions are outstanding hereunder, deemed to be the assets of any "employee benefit plan" that is subject to Section 406 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA") or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), or subject to any law, rule, regulation or binding policy which is materially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, whether or not pursuant to United States Department of Labor regulation 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. In addition, each of Party B and the General Partner will promptly provide written notice to Party A in the event that it is aware that it is in breach of this representation or is aware that with the passing of time, giving of notice or expiry of any applicable grace period it will be in breach of this representation.
(f)	 Absence of Litigation. Section 3(c) is hereby amended by adding in the second line thereof after the word "governmental" the words "or regulatory."
(g)	 Disclosures. Party A has made certain important information available at http://swapdisclosure.sgcib.com regarding Transactions that may be entered into from time to time under this Agreement. By entering into this Agreement, Party B hereby acknowledges that it has reviewed such information and agrees that this Agreement and each Transaction hereunder is subject thereto.
(h)	 EMIR FC Representation. Party B represents that it is a third country entity that would be characterized as a "Financial Counterparty" under Article 2(8) of the Regulation (EU) n° 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories (the so-called "European Market Infrastructure Regulation -EMIR").
(i)	 _ISDA 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol._ The parties agree that the provisions set out in the Attachment to the ISDA 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 19 July 2013 (the "Portfolio Reconciliation Protocol") are hereby deemed to apply to this Agreement as if the parties had adhered to the Portfolio Reconciliation Protocol without amendment and as if the references in the Portfolio Reconciliation Protocol to "Covered Master Agreement" were references to this Agreement.
(j)	 Contractual Recognition of Bail-in. The terms of the attachment (the "Attachment") to the ISDA 2016 Bail-in Article 55 BRRD Protocol (Dutch/French/German/Irish/Italian/Luxembourg/Spanish/UK entity-in-resolution version) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on July 14, 2016 are incorporated into and form part of this Agreement.
For the purposes of the Attachment, this Agreement shall be deemed a Protocol Covered Agreement and the Implementation Date shall be deemed to be the date of this Agreement. With the exception of the preceding sentence, in the event of any inconsistencies between the Attachment and the other provisions of this Agreement, the Attachment will prevail.
(k)	 Contractual Recognition of Resolution Stays. The terms of the French Jurisdictional Module published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 16 November 2018 and the ISDA Resolution Stay Jurisdictional Modular Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 3 May 2016 (together, the "French Jurisdictional Module") are incorporated into and form part of this Agreement.
For the purposes of the French Jurisdictional Module: (i) this Agreement shall be deemed to be a Covered Agreement; (ii) the Implementation Date shall be deemed to be the date of this Agreement; (iii) Party A shall be deemed to be a "Regulated Entity Counterparty" and a "Regulated Entity"; and (iv) Party B shall be deemed to be a "Module Adhering Party". With the exception of the preceding sentence, in the event of any inconsistencies between the French Jurisdictional Module and the other provisions of this Agreement, the French Jurisdictional Module will prevail.
(l)	 Dodd-Frank Protocols. Party A and Party B agree that, notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any documentation published by ISDA in relation to (i) the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol published on August 13, 2012 by ISDA, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time, (the "August 2012 Protocol"), (ii) the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol published on March 22, 2013 by ISDA, as amended, supplemented or restated from time to time (the "March 2013 Protocol" and together with the August 2012 Protocol, the "DF Protocols" and each a "DF Protocol") or (iii) any of the Questionnaires for a DF Protocol exchanged by the parties, this Agreement shall be deemed to be a "Protocol Covered Agreement" as set forth in the DF Protocols. The parties acknowledge and agree that each of the DF Protocols, together with the Questionnaires to such DF Protocol exchanged between the parties (whether exchanged before, on or after the date of this Agreement) and the provisions of the DF Supplement for the related DF Protocol agreed upon by the parties in their Questionnaires to such DF Protocol, each supplement, and are incorporated into, the terms of this Agreement as of the date of this Agreement. Unless otherwise provided in this Agreement, any representation, warranty or agreement made by the parties in any such DF Supplement or Questionnaire shall be deemed to be made, in all material respects, as of the date of this Agreement. Defined terms used but not defined herein shall have the meaning provided in the DF Protocol Agreements.
(m)	 Limited Recourse. Except as otherwise stated in the Agreement or this Schedule, any amounts owed or liabilities incurred by Party B in respect of any Transaction entered into under this Agreement may be satisfied solely from the assets of Party B. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except as otherwise stated above, in no event shall Party A have recourse under this Agreement, whether by set-off or otherwise, with respect to any such amounts owed or liabilities incurred to or against (i) any assets of any person or entity (including, without limitation, any person or entity whose account is under the management of the General Partner) other than Party B, (ii) any assets of any affiliate of Party B, or (iii) any assets of the General Partner or any affiliate of such General Partner.
(n)	 Condition End Date. Section 2 of the Agreement is amended to add at the end a new Section 2(e), reading in its entirety as follows:
"(e)         Condition End Date.
(i)	 If an Event of Default occurs, the Defaulting Party may, by notice to the Non-defaulting Party identifying the Event of Default and confirming its occurrence, specify that clause (iii) will apply to that Event of Default.
(ii)	 If a Potential Event of Default occurs with respect to a party, that party may, by notice to the other party identifying the Potential Event of Default and confirming its occurrence:
(A)	 waive any requirement that notice be given or that any period of time elapse, by virtue of which waiver the Potential Event of Default will become an Event of Default; and
(B)	 specify that clause (iii) will apply to that Event of Default.
(iii)	 If this clause (iii) applies to an Event of Default, then the condition precedent specified in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) with respect to that Event of Default will cease to be a condition precedent to each obligation of the Non-defaulting Party on the relevant Condition End Date. Any obligation that would have been payable or deliverable by the Non-defaulting Party but for Section 2(a)(iii)(1) will become payable or deliverable on the first Local Business Day falling after the Condition End Date (together with interest payable on demand in accordance with Section 9(h)(i)(3)(A) or compensation and interest payable on demand in accordance with Section 9(h)(i)(4)(A), as the case may be).
(iv)	 Subject to clause (v) below, if, after a party has given a notice under clause (i) or (ii) above with respect to an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default, another Event of Default or Potential Event of Default occurs with respect to that party, then, with respect to the earlier Event of Default, no Condition End Date will occur and therefore clause (iii) will not apply. This will not affect the right of that party to give a notice under clause (i) in respect of the subsequent Event of Default or under clause (ii) in respect of the subsequent Potential Event of Default. This clause (iv) is without prejudice to the right of the Defaulting Party to give a new notice to the Non-defaulting Party under clause (i) with respect to the earlier Event of Default.
(v)	 If the Defaulting Party has given a notice under clause (i) above in respect of an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(vii), then clause (iv) will not apply."
Section 14 of the Agreement is amended to add in the appropriate alphabetical position a new definition of "Condition End Date", reading in its entirety as follows:
"" Condition End Date" means, with respect to an Event of Default, the day falling 90 days after a notice given by the Defaulting Party under Section 2(e)(i) or Section 2(e)(ii) is effective if the Event of Default is still continuing on that day."
(Signature page follows)
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this document.
Party A 	   	 Party B Soci ete Generale Each entity listed on Appendix I to this Schedule, severally and not jointly By: United States Commodity Funds LLC, its General Partner By:  	 /s/ Jeff Rosen 	   	   By: 	 /s/ John Love Name: 	 Jeff Rosen 	   	 Name:   	 John Love Title: 	 MD & COO 	   	 Title: 	 President & CEO Date: 	 June 13, 2022 	   	 Date: 	 6/13/22
