SCHEDULE to the 2002 Master Agreement dated as of February 15, 2024 between
BNP PARIBAS 	   	 FSSL FINANCE BNPP TRS LLC ("Party A") 	 And 	 ("Party B")
PART 1
TERMINATION PROVISIONS
(a)	 " Specified Entity" :
(i)	 means, in relation to Party A, for purposes of:
Section 5(a)(v), Default under Specified Transaction 	 None Section 5(a)(vi), Cross Default 	 None Section 5(a)(vii), Bankruptcy 	 None Section 5(b)(v), Credit Event Upon Merger 	 None
(ii)	 means, in relation to Party B, for purposes of:
Section 5(a)(v), Default under Specified Transaction 	 None Section 5(a)(vi), Cross Default 	 None Section 5(a)(vii), Bankruptcy 	 None Section 5(b)(v), Credit Event Upon Merger 	 None
(b)	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c)	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and Party B.
" Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement but will exclude deposits received by a party in the ordinary course of its banking business.
Section 5(a)(vi)(1) shall be modified by adding the words "after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period" after the words "(however described)".
Section 5(a)(vi)(1) shall be modified by deleting the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared".
Section 5(a)(vi)c(2) shall be modified by adding the following words at the end thereof ", if the effect of such payment default is to accelerate the maturity of such payment obligation",
Section 5(a)(vi)(2) shall be modified by appending the following at the end thereof: "provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(vi)(2) shall not occur if : (i) the relevant default referred to in (1) or the failure in making payment referred to in (2) was caused by an error or omission of a technical, administrative or operational nature ; (ii) funds were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment when due; and (iii) such relevant payment is made within two Local Business Days for value (with interest) on the original due date of payment, following receipt of written notice from an interested party of such event or condition referred to in (1) or such failure to pay referred to in (2), as applicable."
" Threshold Amount" means (i) in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of Party A's shareholders' equity (as stated in the most recently published annual accounts of Party A) (or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or currencies), and (ii) in relation to the Credit Support Provider of Party B, an amount equal to USD 50 million and 3% of the Net Asset Value of Party B.
(d)	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply to Party A and to Party B.
(e)	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f)	 "Termination Currency " means United States Dollars.
(g)	 Additional Termination Event. Each of the following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:
(i)	 Non-Compliance with Investment Policies. The Fund shall fail to comply in any material respect with the investment policies and restrictions from time to time in effect as set forth in the offering memorandum of the Fund in effect from time to time (the foregoing policies and restrictions being hereinafter referred to as the "Investment Policies"), that, in the reasonable opinion of Party A (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner), would result in a material adverse effect on the ability of Party B to perform its payment or transfer obligations under this Agreement.
(ii)	 Change in Investment Policies. Party B or Party B's Credit Support Provider shall change, amend, alter or modify, either formally or informally, its Investment Policies in a manner that results in a material adverse change to the ability of Party B or its Credit Support Provider to perform under this Agreement or the Guarantee, as applicable, without prior written notice to Party A.
(iii)	 Loss of 1940 Act Status. Party B's Credit Support Provider ceases to qualify as a "business development company" under Section 53 of the Investment Company Act of 1940.
(iv)	 Reserved.
(v)	 Change in Status of Investment Manager . FS/EIG Advisor, LLC (the "Investment Manager ") (i) ceases to act as the investment manager of the Fund; provided, however, such termination or cessation shall not constitute an Additional Termination Event if there is a replacement investment manager appointed immediately who is either (a) an affiliate of the Investment Manager or (b) acceptable to Party A in its commercially reasonable and good faith discretion (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned).
(vi)	 Reserved.
(vii)	 Prohibited Transaction. This Agreement or the Transactions contemplated hereunder constitute a prohibited transaction under ERISA and that no exemption from the prohibited transaction provisions of ERISA is available with respect to this Agreement or such Transactions.
(vii)	 Reserved.
(ix)	 Minimum Net Asset Tests .
(a)	 As of the final Local Business Day of each calendar month beginning with November 30, 2023, the Performance Net Asset Value of Party B's Credit Support Provider has declined by 20% or more from the Net Asset Value as of the final Local Business Day of the preceding calendar month;
(b)	 As of the final Local Business Day of each calendar quarter beginning with the calendar quarter ending March 31, 2024, the Performance Net Asset Value of Party B's Credit Support Provider has declined by 30% or more from the Net Asset Value as of the final Local Business Day of the preceding calendar quarter;
(c)	 As of the final Local Business Day of each calendar year beginning December 31, 2024, the Performance Net Asset Value of Party B's Credit Support Provider has declined by 40% or more from the Net Asset Value as of the final Local Business Day of the preceding calendar year; or
(d)	 the Net Asset Value of Party B's Credit Support Provider at any time is less than 50% of the greatest Net Asset Value for any previous fiscal year end, as reported in the annual financial statement of Party B's Credit Support Provider, commencing with the fiscal year end following the execution of this Agreement.
"Performance Net Asset Value " means, as of the relevant date, the Total Assets of Party B's Credit Support Provider (exclusive of the effect of any withdrawals, redemptions, returns of capital contributions, distributions, dividends, contributions and subscriptions) minus the Total Liabilities of Party B or Party B's Credit Support Provider (each valued at the market price therefore as of such date). "Total Assets " with regards to Performance Net Asset Value means all assets, and "Total Liabilities " with regards to Performance Net Asset Value means all liabilities, in each case as would generally be classified as such in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles on Party B or Party B's Credit Support Provider's balance sheet
"Net Asset Value " means, as of the relevant date, the Total Assets of Party B or Party B's Credit Support Provider minus the Total Liabilities of Party B or Party B's Credit Support Provider (each valued at the market price therefore as of such date). "Total Assets" with regards to Net Asset Value means all assets, and "Total Liabilities" with regards to Net Asset Value means all liabilities, in each case as would generally be classified as such in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles on Party B or Party B's Credit Support Provider's balance sheet
(x) Withdrawal or Failure to Obtain Renewal of License. Party B loses, has withdrawn from it, or fails to obtain renewal of, any necessary license or regulatory authorization from any regulatory authority which results in Party B becoming legally unable to contract or operate its business.
PART 2
TAX REPRESENTATIONS
(a) Payer Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will make the following representation:
It is currently not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on:
(i)	 the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement; (ii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement; and
(iii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement;
provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) Payee Representations.
For the purposes of Sections 3(e) and (f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will make the following representations:
(i)	 The following representations will apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B:
(A)	 It is a banking societe anonyme organized and existing under the laws of the Republic of France.
(B)	 It is classified as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes.
(C)	 It will identify by prior written notice or in the relevant Confirmation each Transaction as to which it is acting through an Office located in the United States (including only the States thereof and the District of Columbia) and, with respect to such Transactions, each payment received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement will be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States; and
(D)	 With respect to Transactions that it has not identified pursuant to clause (b)(i)(C) above:
(1)	 Each payment received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement will not be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States;
(2)	 It is (x) a "non-U.S. branch of a foreign person" as such term is used in Section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations and (y) a "foreign person" as such term is used in Section 1.6041-4(a)(4) of the U.S.
Treasury Regulations.
(3)	 It is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision or the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement and no such payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment in the Specified Jurisdiction.
" Specified Treaty" means the Tax Convention between the United States of America and the Republic of France.
" Specified Jurisdiction" means the United States of America.
(ii)	 The following representations will not apply to Party A and will apply to Party B:
It (or, if Party B _is a disregarded entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes, its sole beneficial owner) is it is a domestic corporation, partnership or other entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes corporation duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its state of domicile._
PART 3
AGREEMENT TO DELIVER DOCUMENTS
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable.
(a)       Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
Any form, document or certificate as may be reasonable requested pursuant to Section 4(a) of this Agreement including:
Party required to deliver document 	 Form / Document / Certificate 	 Date by which to be delivered Party A 	 With respect to payments described in Part 2(b)(i)(D) of this Schedule, a correct, complete and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI, or any successor thereto, and appropriate attachments. 	 (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii)  promptly upon reasonable demand by Party B and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the party is incorrect or expired.
Party A 	 With respect to payments described in Part 2(b)(i)(D) of this Schedule, a correct, complete and executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, or any successor thereto, and appropriate attachments. 	 (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii)  promptly upon reasonable demand by Party B and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the party is incorrect or expired.
Party B 	 A correct, complete and executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any applicable successor form),and appropriate attachments. 	 (i) Promptly upon reasonable demand by Party A and (ii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the party is incorrect or expired.
(b)       Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	 Form / Document / Certificate 	 Date by which to be delivered  	 Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	 A certificate (or, if available, its current authorized signature book) specifying the names, title and specimen signatures of the persons authorized to execute the Agreement, each Confirmation with respect to any Transaction hereunder, and any Credit Support Document (as applicable) on its behalf or on behalf of the Credit Support Provider, as the case may be. 	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and upon demand. 	 Yes Party B 	 Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any Credit Support Document, if any. 	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement 	 Yes Party B 	 A statement of the of the Net Asset Value of the Fund as of the last day of each calendar month (the "Monthly Report"). 	 Within 21 days following the end of each month. 	 Yes, subject to the provisions of Part 5(g) of this Schedule Party B 	 A copy of its and its Credit Support Provider's, if any, most recently available, annual report (the "Annual Statements") containing audited financial statements for its and its Credit Support Provider most recently ended fiscal year certified, if any, audited by its independent public accountants of nationally recognized standing in the United States. 	 Within 120 days following the end of the relevant fiscal year. 	 Yes, subject to the provisions of Part 5(g) of this Schedule Party B 	 A copy of the investment management agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement") and the offering document of the Fund and any amendments thereto. 	 Upon reasonable request. 	 Yes
Party required to deliver document 	 Form / Document / Certificate 	 Date by which to be delivered  	 Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party B 	 As required by law, a copy of each annual and semi-annual report of the Fund on Form 10-K and each quarterly report on Form 10-Q, in each case prepared in accordance with the requirements of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") applicable to such form. 	 Promptly after reasonable request by Party A 	 Yes Party B 	 Such other information ("Additional Information") respecting Party B and any of its Credit Support Provider's financial position or business, as Party A may reasonably request from time to time. 	 Upon reasonable request by Party A, provided that Party B shall not be required to disclose or provide any information (i) in respect of which disclosure to Party A (or any of its representatives, agents or contractors) is prohibited by applicable laws or regulations, (ii) that is subject to attorney-client or similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product or (iii) in respect of which Party B (or any of its Affiliates) owes confidentiality obligations to any third party that prohibit such disclosure. 	 Yes
Party required to deliver document 	 Form / Document / Certificate 	 Date by which to be delivered  	 Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	 Any Credit Support Document duly executed by it or the Credit Support Provider. 	 Upon reasonable request by Party A. 	 No
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any of the documents and/or information to be delivered by Party B as set out above is available:
(i)   or subsequent to the date hereof, made available, to the general public, including through filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission or other applicable regulator, Party B shall not be required to deliver to the other party that document or information which is so available and the relevant information or document as the case may be, shall be deemed delivered; or
(ii)  through electronic distribution, that document or information, as the case may be, will be deemed delivered if Party B notifies the other of the internet address where they may be obtained, and will be required to be delivered in physical form only by Party B, if unavailable through those electronic means.
PART 4
MISCELLANEOUS
(a)Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
(i)	 Address for notices or communications to Party A:
With respect to individual Transactions :-
The address of the Office as set forth in the relevant Confirmation or as otherwise notified by Party A to Party B.
With respect to this Agreement for any other purpose :- .
BNP Paribas, New York branch Address: 	 BNP Paribas, New York Branch, 787 Seventh Avenue, New York New York 10019 Attention: 	 CIB Legal- ISDA Documentation Team Telephone No: 	 +(212) 841-2071
Mandatory copy to the following address:
BNP Paribas Address: 	 37 avenue de l'Opera, 75002 Paris, ACT CLA 03A1 Attention: 	 CIB Legal- ISDA Documentation Team Telephone No: 	 +(33) (0) 1 42 98 38 50 Facsimile No: 	 +(33) (0) 1 55 77 75 11
(ii) Address for notices or communications to Party B:
201 Rouse Blvd.
Philadelphia, PA 19112 Attention: Edward T. Gallivan, Jr., Chief Financial Officer Tel.: (215) 495-1150 Email: portfolio.finance@fsinvestments.com ; credit.notices@fsinvestments.com ; FSEPTeam@fsinvestments.com_ ; InvestmentOps@fsinvestments.com
(b)	 " Process Agent". For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent its New York Branch located at 787 Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019, Attn: CIB Legal - ISDA Documentation Team
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not Applicable.
(c)	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d)	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through the following Offices: BNP Paribas Head Office, London and New York.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e)	 Calculation Agent. Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent shall be Party A, unless (a) the Calculation Agent is otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction, or (b) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Party A as the Defaulting Party or a Termination Event has occurred with respect to Party A as an Affected Party, in which case the Calculation Agent shall be a leading dealer appointed by Party B that is not an Affiliate of either party until the earlier of (i) a designation under Section 6(c)(ii), or (ii) the of such Event of Default or Termination Event with respect to Party A. as the Defaulting Party. The fees and expenses of such replacement calculation agent shall be borne equally by Party A and Party B.
(f)	 Credit Support Document. The Credit Support Annex attached hereto shall constitute a "Credit Support Document" in relation to Party A and Party B, each as "Pledgor" thereunder for all purposes of this Agreement.
With respect to Party B, the Guaranty dated as of February 15, 2024 (the "Guaranty ") by FS Specialty Lending Fund in favor of Party B.
(g)	 Credit Support Provider.
With respect to Party A: Not applicable.
With respect to Party B: The Guarantor (under and as defined in the Guaranty).
(h)	 Governing Law. This Agreement, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with, will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
(i)	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement.
(i)	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement; provided that Party B shall have no Affiliates for the purposes of this Agreement.
(k)	 Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c) of this Agreement:
" Specified Entity" means with respect to Party A, None " Specified Entity" means with respect to Party B, None
(l)	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) of this Agreement shall apply.
PART 5
OTHER PROVISIONS
(a)	 Tax Event
Section 5(b)(iii) is amended by deleting the words ", or there is a substantial likelihood that it will", from line four thereof.
(b)	 ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as may be further amended or supplemented from time to time, the ("Definitions ") are incorporated into any Confirmation which supplements and forms part of this Agreement, and all capitalized terms used in a Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in the Definitions, unless otherwise defined in a Confirmation. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the Definitions, the provisions of the Agreement shall apply, and in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and a Confirmation, the provisions of the Confirmation shall apply.
(c)	 Scope of Agreement. Section 9 of this Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following new Section 9(i):
Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, if the parties enter or have in the past entered into any Specified Transaction excluding repurchase transactions, reverse repurchase transactions, buy/sell- back transactions, security lending transactions and forward purchase or sales of securities transactions, such Specified Transaction shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement unless any confirmation or documentation relating thereto shall specifically state to the contrary. Each such Specified Transaction shall be a Transaction for the purposes of this Agreement and in the event of any inconsistency between the terms of such Specified Transaction and the terms of this Agreement, the terms of such Specified Transaction shall prevail.
(d)	 Representations. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(i)	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. It has not received from the other party any assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.
(ii)	 Evaluations and Understanding. It is capable of evaluating and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the financial and other risks of that Transaction.
(iii)	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary or an adviser for it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv)	 Acting as Principal. It is acting as principal and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise.
(e)	 Additional Representations.
(i)    Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that:
(a)	 Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of the Commodity Exchange Act.
(ii)   Party B will be deemed to represent to Party A at all times until the termination of this Agreement as follows:
(a)	 No Plan Assets. Party B is not (x) an employee benefit plan (hereinafter, an "ERISA Plan"), as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or subject to any other statute, regulation, procedure or restriction that is materially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, (y) a person acting on behalf of an ERISA Plan or (z) a person the assets of whom constitute assets of an ERISA Plan (the "Plan Assets Representation").
(f)	 Reserved
(g)	 Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, financial reports, continuing financial information, balance sheets, investment reports, other financial information or Net Asset Value reports or statements, a fair presentation of the financial condition of the relevant person."
(h)	 Role of Investment Manager and Representations of Party B. Party B represents that the management of its assets has been delegated to the Investment Manager pursuant to the terms of the Fund's Investment Management Agreement (the "Investment Management Agreement ". Party B agrees that the Investment Manager will negotiate and execute Transactions on behalf of Party B and that Party B will be bound by those Transactions as if they had been negotiated directly with Party B. Party B agrees further that any Transaction so executed and any Confirmation confirming the terms thereof executed by the Investment Manager on its behalf will be evidence as if Party A and Party B had entered into the Transaction directly with Party A, and Party A shall be entitled to rely upon any and all instructions or notices received from the Investment Manager with respect to this Agreement, any Credit Support Document, all Transactions or other documents delivered in connection with the foregoing, unless Party B shall have previously notified Party A of the termination of the authority of the Investment Manager. Based on the foregoing representation and agreement (which shall be deemed repeated on the date of entry of any Transaction, or delivery of any agreement, instrument or document by or on behalf of Party B) Party A shall be under no obligation to determine whether the giving of any notice, instruction or entering into any Transaction in connection with the Agreement is within the authority of the Investment Manager.
(i)	 Representations and Covenants relating to the Investment Manager.
Party B represents and warrants to, and agrees with, Party A at all times until the termination of this Agreement that:
(i)	 the Investment Management Agreement is in full force and effect as of the date of execution hereof and, unless Party A is otherwise notified of such termination by Party B, as of the Trade Date of each Transaction hereunder;
(ii)	 it has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and its having such power and authority is consistent with and appropriate under Party B's governing documents
(iii)	 the transactions executed by the Investment Manager are within the power of Party B to execute;
(iv)	 Party B's execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and Party B's obligations hereunder do not and will not violate or conflict with
(x) the documents (including any investment guidelines) governing the relationship between Party B and the Investment Manager;
(v)	 Party B will be fully and completely liable for its obligations under this Agreement and each Transaction hereunder;
(vi)	 Party B will promptly notify Party A in the event that the Investment Manager's business relationship with Party B is terminated or its authority to act as agent for Party B under this Agreement is terminated or modified in a manner that is materially adverse to Party B's payment or transfer obligations under this Agreement;
(vii)	 no such termination or modification described in the immediately preceding paragraph will affect Party B's liability for any Transaction confirmed prior to it giving Party A written notification thereof;
(ix)	 all agreements, documents or other certificates delivered by it to Party A on behalf of Party B in connection with this Agreement are true and accurate as of the date of delivery and, if in facsimile form, represent a true and accurate copy of the original thereof and were, as of such date of delivery, in full force and effect.
If any of the foregoing (including Part 5(e)(ii)) proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated, or if any agreement shall not have been performed or complied with, then Party B shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Party pursuant to Section 5(a)(ii) (as modified hereunder) or Section 5(a)(iv) (as modified hereunder) of this Agreement, as applicable.
(j)	 Events of Default. Section 5(a) of the Agreement is amended as follows:
(i)	 Reserved.
(ii)	 by inserting the following at the end of subsection (vii)(3) thereof:
"or a notice is sent convening a meeting to propose a voluntary arrangement of its creditors;" and
(iii)	 with respect to Section 5(a)(iv), by adding the following words at the end of subsection (iv) thereof: ", and 30 days have elapsed following the notice thereof by Party A to Party B."
(k)	 Consent to Recording. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations of trading and marketing personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement and any Transactions or potential Transactions hereunder and to the submission of such recordings in evidence in any Proceedings and (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give notice of such recording to, such personnel.
(l)	 Limited Recourse. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement or Confirmation, any amounts owed or liabilities incurred by Party B in respect of any obligations owed by Party B under this Agreement or any Transaction may be satisfied solely from the assets of Party B. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in no event shall Party A have recourse, whether by setoff or otherwise, with respect to any amounts owed or liabilities incurred, to or against (i) any assets of any persons or entity (including, without limitation, any person or entity whose account is under the management of the Investment Advisor) other than Party B, (ii) any assets of any affiliate of Party B, or (iii) any assets of the Investment Advisor except, in the case of clause (iii), in the event of fraud, gross negligence, or willful misconduct from the Investment Advisor.
(m)	 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the terms of each Annex to the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by ISDA (the "2002 Protocol ") shall apply to this Agreement as if the parties had adhered to the 2002 Protocol without amendment thereto.
(n)	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO HAVE A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT. EACH PARTY (I) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF THE OTHER PARTY OR ANY CREDIT SUPPORT PROVIDER HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF SUCH A SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (II) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND PROVIDE FOR ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT, AS APPLICABLE BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION.
(o)	 Additional Agreement. Section 4 of this Agreement is hereby amended by adding at the end thereof the following subsection (f):
"(f) Consent to Disclosure. Each party agrees and consents to the communication and disclosure of all information in respect of it, this Agreement and any Transaction and all matters incidental hereto and thereto by the other party: (i) to the head office and all other branches and Affiliates of the other party, provided such communication and disclosure is for risk management and administrative purposes; and (ii) as required by any applicable law or regulation or any court, government, regulatory body or other authority of a competent jurisdiction and each party irrevocably waives, to the extent possible, any applicable law which prevents such disclosure about the other party and any Transaction entered into under this Agreement."
(p)	 _Withholding Tax imposed on payments under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act._
"Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement. Each party agrees that it can disclose information about the other party and any Transaction entered into under this Agreement to any government or taxing authority if so required by Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code, and each party irrevocably waives, to the extent possible, any applicable law, rules or regulation which prevents such disclosure about the other party and any Transaction entered into under this Agreement.
(q)	 2015 Section 871(m) Protocol. The parties agree that the terms of the 2015 Section 871(m) Protocol published by ISDA ("2015 871(m) Protocol ") apply to this Agreement, as of the date hereof, as if the parties had adhered to the 2015 871(m) Protocol without amendment thereto.
(r)	 Protocol Covered Agreement. The parties hereby agree that this Agreement is deemed to be a "Protocol Covered Agreement" for purposes of the ISDA August 2012 Dodd Frank Protocol Agreement and the ISDA March 2013 Dodd Frank Protocol Agreement (the "ISDA Protocols "), the effect of which all provisions agreed in the ISDA Protocols are incorporated herein.
(s)	 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol. The parties agree that the terms of the 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("EMIR Protocol ") apply to this Agreement as if the parties had adhered to the EMIR Protocol without amendment. For these purposes:
1.	 Party A is a Portfolio Data Sending Entity and Party B is a Portfolio Data Receiving Entity;
2. Party A and Party B may use a Third Party Service Provider, and the other party (in each case) consents to such use including the communication of the relevant data in relation to that other party to such Third Party Service Provider for the purposes of the reconciliation services provided by such entity;
3. The Local Business Days for such purposes in relation to Party A are London and Brussels, and in relation to Party B is Philadelphia.
4.	 The following are the applicable email addresses:
Portfolio Data: 	 Party A: portfoliorec.eu@uk.bnpparibas.com Party B: investmentops@fsinvestments.com Notice of discrepancy: 	 Party A: portfoliorec.eu@uk.bnpparibas.com Party B: investmentops@fsinvestments.com Dispute Notice: 	 Party A: portfoliorec.eu@uk.bnpparibas.com Party B: investmentops@fsinvestments.com
(t)	 ISDA 2016 Bail-in Art 55 BRRD Protocol. The parties agree that the terms of the Attachment to the ISDA 2016 Bail-in Art 55 BRRD Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("_BRRD Protocol_ ") apply to this Agreement (which shall, for these purposes, be deemed to be a "Protocol Covered Agreement") as if the parties had each adhered to the BRRD Protocol without amendment, with an Implementation Date of
(a) 1st January, 2016 or (b) if later, the effective date of this Agreement.
(t)	 [Reserved].
(u)	 Resolution Stay - France. The parties agree that the terms of the ISDA Resolution Stay Jurisdictional Modular Protocol - French Jurisdictional Module and the ISDA Resolution Stay Jurisdictional Modular Protocol (together, the "French Jurisdictional Module ") are incorporated into and form part of this Agreement. This Agreement shall be deemed to be a Protocol Covered Agreement and a Covered Agreement for the purposes of the French Jurisdictional Module and the Implementation Date for the purposes of the French Jurisdictional Module shall be deemed to be the date of this Agreement. In the event of any inconsistencies between this Agreement and the French Jurisdictional Module, the French Jurisdictional Module will prevail.
For the purposes of the French Jurisdictional Module, Party A is a Regulated Entity Counterparty and Party B is a Module Adhering Party.
(v)	 Enforcement and Performance. Each party shall act in good faith and on a commercially reasonable basis in the enforcement and performance of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including under any Credit Support Document), including when acting as the Calculation Agent.
(w)	 Limitation on Designation of Early Termination Date. If a party ("X ") receives written notice from the other party specifically stating that there has occurred (x) an Event of Default as to which the other party is the Defaulting Party, (y) a Tax Event Upon Merger as to which X is the Burdened Party or (z) any other Termination Event or Additional Termination Event as to which the other party is the sole Affected Party, then, notwithstanding anything in Section 9(f) of this Agreement to the contrary, X shall have no further right to designate an Early Termination Date by reason of the Event of Default or Termination Event specified in such notice after 30 calendar days have elapsed following the later of (A) the date on which X receives such notice and (B) the first date on which X would otherwise have been entitled to designate such Early Termination Date under this Agreement.
(x)	 Default Rate. The definition of "Default Rate" in Section 14 of this Agreement is amended by deleting the parenthetical phrase "(without proof or evidence of any actual cost)".
(y)	 Condition Precedent. The condition precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) does not apply to an obligation of a party if the other party shall have satisfied in full all of its payment and delivery obligations under Section 2(a)(i) of this Agreement and shall at the relevant time have no future payment or delivery obligations, whether absolute or contingent, under Section 2(a)(i). The right of a party ("X") pursuant to Section 2(a)(iii)(1) to withhold a payment or delivery obligation under Section 2(a)(i), is subject to the following conditions: (i) X must give written notice (a "2(a)(iii) Notice") to the other party specifying the relevant Event of Default or Potential Event of Default giving rise to such right (the "2(a)(iii) Event") no later than the close of business on the Local Business Day that the relevant payment or delivery would otherwise be due, and (ii) such right may only be exercised once in respect of any 2(a)(iii) Event, for a period of no more than five Local Business Days following timely delivery of the relevant 2(a)(iii) Notice (the "2(a)(iii) Period"). Immediately following the 2(a)(iii) Period, the obligations of X under Section 2(a)(i) shall no longer be subject to the condition precedent that the 2(a)(iii) Event shall not have occurred and be continuing. In no case shall the obligations of X under Section 2(a)(i) be subject to the condition precedent that a Potential Event of Default relating to Section 5(a)(ii) with respect to the other party shall not have occurred and be continuing.
(aa) Additional Definitions. Section 14 is hereby amended by adding the following definition:
"Fund " means FS Specialty Lending Fund.
PART 6
FX AND CURRENCY OPTION TRANSACTIONS
(a)	 Confirmations.
Where a Transaction is confirmed by means of an electronic messaging system that the parties have elected to use to confirm such Transaction or if the Transaction is a FX Transaction or a Currency Option Transaction confirmed by a means other than by an electronic messaging system (i) such confirmation will constitute a 'Confirmation' as referred to in this Agreement even where not so specified in the confirmation, (ii) such Confirmation will supplement, form part of, and be subject to this Agreement (unless such Confirmation shall expressly state otherwise) and all provisions in the Agreement will govern the Confirmation except as modified therein and (iii) the definitions and provisions contained in the 1998 ISDA FX and Currency Option Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee) as amended and supplemented by the 1998 ISDA Euro Definitions (published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) (together the "FX Definitions") will be incorporated into the Confirmation if the Transaction is an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction.
For the purpose of this Agreement, the terms "Currency Option Transaction" and "FX Transaction" shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the FX Definitions.
(b)	 Payment Instructions. All payments to be made hereunder in respect of FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions shall be made in accordance with standing payment instructions provided in writing from time to time by the parties (or as otherwise specified in a Confirmation).
(c)	 Payment of Premiums for Currency Option Transactions.
(i)	 Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, the Premium for any Currency Option Transaction shall be paid on its Premium Payment Date.
(ii)	 If the Premium is not paid on its Premium Payment Date, the Seller may elect:
(a)	 to accept a late payment of such Premium;
(b)	 to give written notice of such non-payment and, if such payment shall not be received within two (2) Local Business Days of such notice, treat the related Currency Option Transaction as void; or
(c)	 to give written notice of such non-payment and, if such payment shall not be received within two (2) Local Business Days of such notice, treat such non-payment as an Event of Default under Section 5 (a) (i) of the Agreement.
(iii)	 If the Seller elects to act under either (a) or (b) above, the Buyer shall pay all out-of-pocket costs and actual damages incurred in connection with such unpaid or late Premium or void Currency Option Transaction, including, without limitation, interest on such Premium from and including the Premium Payment Date to but excluding the late payment date in the same currency as such Premium at the prevailing market rate and any other losses, costs or expenses incurred by the Seller in connection with such terminated Currency Option Transaction, for the loss of its bargain, its cost of funding, or the loss incurred as a result of terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re- establishing a delta hedge or related trading position with respect to such Currency Option Transaction.
(d)	 Netting Discharge and Termination of Currency Options. From a date to be mutually agreed by the parties, any Call Option or any Put Option written by a party will automatically be terminated and discharged, in whole or in part, as applicable, and unless otherwise agreed, against a Call Option or a Put Option, respectively written by the other party, such discharge and termination to occur automatically upon the payment in full of the last Premium payable in respect of such Currency Option Transaction in accordance with standard payment instructions; provided that such discharge and termination may only occur in respect of Currency Option Transactions:
(i)	 each being with respect to the same Put Currency and the same Call Currency;
(ii)	 each having the same Expiration Date and Expiration Time;
(iii)	 each being of the same style i.e. either both being American Style Options or both being European Style Options;
(iv)	 each having the same Strike Price;
(v)	 each having been transacted by the same offices of Party A and Party B; and
(vi)	 neither of which shall have been exercised by delivery of a Notice of Exercise;
and upon the occurrence of such discharge and termination, neither Party shall have any obligation to the other Party in respect of the relevant Currency Option Transaction or, as the case may be, parts thereof so discharged and terminated. Such discharge and termination shall be effective notwithstanding that either party may fail to record such discharge and termination in its books. In the case of a partial discharge and termination (i.e. where the relevant Currency Option Transactions are for different amounts of the Currency Pair), the remaining portion of the Currency Option Transaction which is partially discharged and terminated shall continue to be a Currency Option Transaction for the purposes of the Agreement, including this provision.
[signature page to follow]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Schedule to the Agreement with effect from the date specified on the first page of this document.
