SCHEDULE
to the
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of January  13, 2015
between
The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. 	    	  and 	    	 Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
( "Party A") 	    	  	    	 ( "Party B")
Part  1. 	 Termination Provisions.
(a) 	 " Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable
(b) 	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14\.
(c) 	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided, that
(i) 	 the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared" shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and
(ii) 	 the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "provided, however, that an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2) above if the default, event of default, or other similar condition or event referred to in (1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is caused not by the unavailability of funds but is caused solely due to a technical or administrative error which has been remedied within three Local Business Days after a notice of such failure is given to the party."
" Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of the Agreement except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
" Threshold Amount" means in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the shareholders' equity of Party A (on a consolidated basis) as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Party A's jurisdiction of incorporation or organization by reference to Party A's most recently published audited financial statements (or its equivalent in another currency); and in relation to Party B, $50,000,000.
(d) 	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(e) 	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) 	 " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(g) 	 Additional Termination Event The following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:
(i) The Credit Agreement expires, terminates, or otherwise ceases to be in full force and effect; or
(ii) The obligations of Party B under this Agreement shall not be equally and ratably secured and guaranteed with the obligations of Party B owing to Lenders under the Credit Agreement. An Additional Termination Event shall not occur to the extent that it is caused solely by the Guarantee of any Guarantor or the grant of a security interest by any Guarantor under the Credit Agreement not applying to any obligation of Party B under this Agreement as a result of such Guarantor's failure for any reason to constitute an "eligible contract participant", as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of a security interest by such Guarantor would otherwise have become effective with respect to Party B's obligations under this Agreement; provided that the foregoing shall only apply to that portion of the Guarantee provided by the Guarantor who does not constitute an "eligible contract participant".
"Credit Agreement " shall mean the credit agreement (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, extended, refinanced, replaced, or otherwise modified from time to time, this "Agreement") entered into as of July 31, 2012, as amended by the First Amendment dated as of August, 16, 2013, and as further amended by the Second Amendment dated May 7, 2014 (the "_Credit Agreement_ ," capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement), among BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company " or the "Borrower "), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the "Lenders "), BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Issuing Lender.
For the purpose of the foregoing Additional Termination Events, Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and all transactions shall be Affected Transactions.
Part  2. 	 Tax Representations.
(a) 	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	 Payee Tax Representations.
For the purposes of Section 3(f), Party A makes the following representations:
(i) 	 Party A is a Japanese banking organization, organized under the laws of Japan;
(ii) 	 Each payment received or to be received by Party A in connection with this Agreement will be effectively connected with the conduct of a trade or business by it in the United States; and
(iii) 	 It is a "foreign person" as that term is used in section 1.6041-4(a)(4) of the U.S. Treasury Regulations.
For purposes of Section 3(f), Party B makes the following representations:
Party B represents that it is a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Part 3.
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a) 	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered under Section 4(a) are:
Party required to deliver document 	    	  Forms/Documents/Certificates 	    	  Date by which to be delivered Party A and Party B 	    	 An executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor thereto), Form W-8BEN (or any successor thereto), or W-9 (or any successor thereto), as applicable. 	    	 (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable request by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
Party A and Party B 	    	 Any form, document or certificate reasonably requested by the other party in order for such other party to be able to make payments hereunder without withholding for or on account of Taxes or with such withholding at a reduced rate. 	    	 Upon earlier of (i) reasonable demand (ii) the other party learning that the form or document is required.
(b) 	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party B 	    	 Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 	    	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement. 	    	 Yes Party A and Party B 	    	 Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and each confirmation. 	    	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party. 	    	 Yes
Part  4. 	 Miscellaneous
(a) 	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a):
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
Address: 	    	 The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd.
1251 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10020-1104 Attention: 	    	 Managing Director, Planning Global Markets Division for the Americas Facsimile No: 	    	 (212) 782-6428 Telephone No: 	    	 (212) 782-6593
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
8283 Greensboro Drive
McLean VA 22102
Attention: Terrence Kaden
Telecopy: (703) 902-3011
Telephone: (703) 902-4700
in each case with a copy to:
Booz Allen Hamilton Inc.
13200 Woodland Park Road
Herndon VA 20171
Attention: Brian Hockenberry
Telecopy: (703) 903-7499
Telephone: (703) 377-1036
With a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:
Debevoise & Plimpton LLP
919 Third Avenue
New York, NY 10022
Attention: Jeffrey E. Ross
Telecopy: (212) 909-6836
Telephone: (212) 909-6000
(b) 	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c):
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(c) 	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c):
Party A is not a Multibranch Party and may only act through its New York Office.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A , unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Party A, in which case Party B may appoint a Leading Dealer to act as substitute Calculation Agent for so long as such Event of Default is continuing. A "Leading Dealer" means a leading dealer in the relevant market that is not an Affiliate of either of the parties.
(f) 	 Credit Support Document.
Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party B, not applicable.
(g) 	 Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party B, not applicable.
(h) 	 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(i) 	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement; provided, that Party A and Party B may agree from time to time that Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply to certain specific Transactions.
(j) 	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k) 	 Absence of Litigation . For the purpose of Section 3(c):
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None.
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, None.
(l) 	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(m) 	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purposes of Section 3 of this Agreement each the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
(i) 	 Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1) 	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it is based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.
(2) 	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3) 	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(4) 	 Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.
(n) 	 Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
Part  5. 	 Other Provisions.
(a) 	 Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Transaction.
(b) 	 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
(c) 	 Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(d) 	 Transfer . Section 7 of this Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following phrase "which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld" in the third line thereof after the word "party" and before the word "except".
(e) 	 Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation in all material respects of the financial condition of the relevant person."
(f) 	 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 16 and Section 6 of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 15th July, 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement.
(g) 	 Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a)(Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 shall not include any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections ("FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, the FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for purposes of Section 2(d).
(h) 	 Incorporation of 2006 ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions ("2006 Definitions") each as published by the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc., are incorporated into any Confirmation which supplements and forms part of this Agreement, and all capitalised terms used in a Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in the 2006 Definitions, unless otherwise defined in a Confirmation. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the 2006 Definitions, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply, and in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and a Confirmation, the provisions of the Confirmation shall apply.
(i) 	 Protocol Covered Agreement. For purposes of the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement published on August 13, 2012 and the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement published on March 22, 2013 (the "Protocol Agreement "), the parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall constitute a Protocol Covered Agreement as defined under the Protocol Agreement.
(j) 	 No Plan Assets. Party B represents and warrants to Party A (which representation and warranty will be deemed to be repeated by Party B at all times until the termination of this Agreement and will be deemed a representation and agreement for all purposes of this Agreement, including without limitation Sections 3, 4, 5(a)(ii) and 5(a)(iv)) that the assets of Party B do not and will not constitute the assets of an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended or a "Plan" within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
(k) 	 Special Entity. Party B is not a "Special Entity" as such term is defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.
(l) 	 Consent to Disclosure. Party B consents to Party A effecting such disclosure as Party A may deem reasonably necessary to enable Party A to process and execute Party B's instructions, or in pursuance of Party A's obligations under this Agreement, to any of its Affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, Party B's consent to disclosure includes the right on the part of Party A to allow access to any intended recipient of Party B's information, to the records of Party A in a manner consistent with Party A's internal information security policy.
(m) 	 Generic Risk Disclosure For Rate Management Transaction and Related Transactions. Party B represents that it has read this paragraph. As is common with many financial instruments and transactions, over-the-counter derivative transactions, including, but not limited to, interest rate swaps, options, forwards, foreign exchange transactions and other similar derivatives and related products (each, a Rate Management Transaction"), in addition to providing significant benefits, may in certain cases involve a variety of significant risks. Party B acknowledges that before entering into any Rate Management Transaction, Party B shall have carefully considered whether such transaction is appropriate in light of Party B's objectives, experience, financial and operational resources, and other relevant circumstances. Party B also acknowledges that it fully understands the nature and extent of its exposure to risk of loss, if any, which in some circumstances may significantly exceed the amount of any initial payment made to or by Party B.
Rate Management Transactions permit precise customization to accomplish particular financial and risk management objectives that might otherwise be unachievable. The specific risks presented by a particular transaction necessarily depend upon the terms of that transaction and Party B's circumstances. Common to all, however, is their nature as legally binding contractual commitments, which, once agreed to, cannot be altered other than by termination or modification upon written agreement by the parties. Party B understands that such termination or modification may, in certain circumstances, result in significant losses and may include additional amounts required to be paid by Party B to cover relevant costs. As in any financial transaction, Party B understands the requirements, if any, applicable to Party B that are established by regulators or by Party B's board of directors or other governing body. Party B should also consider the legal, tax, accounting, and economic implications of entering into any Rate Management Transaction, independently, and if necessary, through consultation with such advisors as may be appropriate to assist it in understanding the risks involved.
In entering any Risk Management Transaction with, or arranged by Party A, Party B understands that Party A is acting solely in the capacity of an arm's length contractual counterparty and not in the capacity of Party B's financial advisor or fiduciary unless Party A has so explicitly agreed in writing and then only to the extent so provided.
The statements above do not purport to disclose all of the risks or other relevant considerations of entering into Rate Management Transactions.
PART  6: 	 Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Currency Option Transactions
(a) 	 Incorporation of Definitions. The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions) and Currency Option Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions). Terms defined in the FX Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.
(b) 	 Scope and Confirmations. Any confirmation in respect of any FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction into which the parties may enter, or may have entered into prior to the date hereof, that fails by its terms to expressly exclude the application of this Agreement shall (to the extent not otherwise provided for in this Agreement) (i) constitute a "Confirmation" as referred to in this Agreement even where not so specified in such confirmation and (ii) supplement form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement, and all provisions in this Agreement will govern such Confirmation except as modified therein. Without limitation of the forgoing, where an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system or by means of facsimile or telex (whether manually or automatically generated) or other document or confirming evidence shall constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement even where not so specified therein.
(c) 	 Automatic Exercise. Section 3.6( c ) of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words "equal or" from the fifth line and by replacing the words "the product of ( i ) one percent of the Strike Price multiplied by ( ii ) the Call Currency Amount or the Put Currency Amount, as appropriate" with "zero". Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation, "Automatic Exercise" will apply to any Currency Option Transaction under this agreement.
(d) 	 Section 3.4 of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by the addition of the following new subsection (c):
"(c) Payment of Premium. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, the Premium related to a Currency Option Transaction shall be paid on its Premium Payment Date in immediately available funds. If a Premium is not received on the Premium Payment Date, the Seller may elect: (i) to accept a late payment of such Premium; (ii) to give written notice of such non-payment to the Buyer and, if such payment shall not be received on or before the second Local Business Days after such notice, treat the related Currency Option Transaction as void; or (iii) to give written notice of such non- payment to the Buyer and, if such payment shall not be received on or before the second Local Business Days after such notice, treat such non-payment as an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(i) of this Agreement. If the Seller elects to act under either clause (i) or (ii) of the preceding sentence, the Buyer shall pay all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and actual damages incurred in connection with such unpaid or late Premium or void Currency Option Transaction, including without limitation, interest on such Premium in the same currency as such Premium at the then prevailing market rate and any other reasonable costs or expenses incurred by the Seller in covering its obligations (including, without limitation, a delta hedge) with respect to such Currency Option Transaction."
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this document.
