SCHEDULE
to the
2002 ISDA Master Agreement
dated as of July 12, 2017
between
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 	    	 and 	    	 SECOR Master Fund L.P., a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States of America ("Party A") 	    	  	    	  a limited partnership formed in the United States ("Party B")
Part I
Termination Provisions
In this Agreement:
(1)	  " Specified Entity" shall mean:
(a) in relation to Party A: any Affiliate for purposes of Section 5(a)(v) other than J.P. Morgan Ventures Energy Corporation and shall not apply for purposes of any other provision; and
(b) in relation to Party B: not applicable.
(2) 	  " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement; provided that (x) the definition of "Specified Transaction shall be amended by inserting ", margin loan," after "securities lending transaction," in the tenth line thereof and (y) any agreement relating to the clearing of derivative transactions or futures contracts shall be a "Specified Transaction".
(3) 	  The " Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply, and for such purpose:
(a) 	  " Specified Indebtedness" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14; provided, however, that Specified Indebtedness shall exclude, in relation to Party A, any deposits received in the ordinary course of business; and
(b) 	  " Threshold Amount" means (i) in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3 % of its total shareholders' equity, and (ii) in relation to Party B, an amount equal to 3% of its Net Asset Value (as defined in this Part 1).
(c) 	  The phrase " , or becoming capable at such time of being declared," shall be deleted and the following language shall be added to the end thereof:
"provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, the default referred to in subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (i) the default is a failure to pay caused solely by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (ii) the party can demonstrate to the reasonable satisfaction of a third party that funds were
available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment when due; and (iii) such payment is made within one Local Business Day after such failure to pay; "
(4) 	  " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(5) 	  The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will not apply.
(6) 	  The " Automatic Early Termination" provisions of Section 6(a) will not apply.
(7) 	  Additional Termination Events. Each of the following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event for purposes of Section 5(b)(vi) of this Agreement, in respect of which Party B will be the Affected Party and all Transactions will be Affected Transactions:
(a) 	  Investment Manager. Ceres Managed Futures LLC ("CMF") or Secor Capital Advisors, LP (the "Investment Manager") ceases to have authority over the trading and investment activities of Party B (including, without limitation, the authority to enter into Transactions, execute Confirmations, exercise all rights of Party B in respect of Transactions, and make payments under this Agreement on behalf of Party B) and if Party A reasonably determines that such action has had, or will have, a material adverse effect on the ability of Party B to perform its obligations under this Agreement; provided, that the termination of the authority of the Investment Manager shall not constitute an Additional Termination Event if (i) the Investment Manager is replaced with another investment manager ("Replacement Investment Manager") selected by CMF in its reasonable discretion; provided, further, that (x) any such Replacement Investment Manager shall be selected by CMF with reasonable care and diligence and (y) Party A must consent to such Replacement Investment Manager, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld by Party A or (ii) CMF itself is the sole Investment Manager with sole authority over the trading and investment activities of Party B. Any reference to "Investment Manager" herein, in the event the Investment Manager is replaced with a Replacement Investment Manager, shall be deemed to refer to any such Replacement Investment Manager.
(b) 	  No Plan Assets. The assets of Party B constitute "plan assets" under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, the Department of Labor Regulations promulgated thereunder or similar law.
(c) 	  Minimum Net Asset Value.(i) Party B's, Net Asset Value (exclusive of shareholder redemptions, withdrawals, subscriptions, contributions and similar items (however described)) as of the last business day of any calendar month declines 20% or more from Party B's Net Asset Value (exclusive of shareholder redemptions, withdrawals, subscriptions, contributions and similar items (however described)) as of the last business day of the immediately preceding calendar month; (ii) Party B's Net Asset Value (exclusive of shareholder redemptions, withdrawals, subscriptions, contributions and similar items (however described)) as of the last business day of any calendar month declines 30% or more from Party B's Net Asset Value (exclusive of shareholder redemptions, withdrawals, subscriptions, contributions and similar items (however described)) as of the last business day of the third calendar month immediately preceding such day; (iii) Party B's Net Asset Value declines by 40% or more from Party B's Net Asset Value as of the last business day of the same month in the immediately preceding calendar year; or (iv) if less than 12 months have elapsed from
the date of this Agreement, Party B's Net Asset Value declines by 40% or more from Party B's highest Net Asset Value at any month end during such 12 month period.
As used in this Agreement, "Net Asset Value" means, as of the relevant date, the Total Assets of Party B minus the Total Liabilities of Party B (each valued at the market price therefor as of such date). "Total Assets" means, as of the relevant date, all assets of Party B which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America would be generally classified as assets on the balance sheet of Party B as of such date, and "Total Liabilities" means, as of the relevant date, all liabilities of Party B which, in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America would generally be classified as liabilities on the balance of Party B as of such date.
(8) 	  Limitation on Right to Withhold Performance Under Section   2(a)(iii). Without otherwise limiting the rights of a Non-defaulting Party or Non-affected Party ("X"), in the event that X suspends payments or deliveries pursuant to Section 2(a)(iii)(1) of this Agreement following the occurrence of an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Additional Termination Event (an "Occurrence"), X agrees that its right to withhold such payments or deliveries with respect to such Occurrence shall be limited to a period which is 45 calendar days after the first date of such suspension of payments or deliveries by X.
(9) 	  Additional Condition Precedent. For the purposes of Section 2(a)(iii) of the Agreement, it shall be an additional condition precedent that no Additional Termination Event with respect to the other party shall have occurred and be continuing.
Part 2
Tax Representations
(1) 	  Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B each hereby make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement or amounts payable hereunder that may be considered to be interest for United States federal income tax purposes) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement.
In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(2) 	  Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B each hereby make the following representations:
(i) Party A represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
(ii) Party B represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes and its U.S. tax identification number is 46-3247767.
(3) 	  "Tax" as used in Part 2 of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any legislation, or fiscal or regulatory rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a " FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
(4) 	  Party A and Party B agree that the amendments set out in the Attachment (the " Attachment") to, and the provisions in Section 3(g) of, the ISDA 2015 Section 871(m) Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ( "ISDA") on November 2, 2015 and available on the ISDA website (www.isda.org) (the " Protocol") are incorporated into and shall apply to this Agreement as if set forth herein. For this purpose, capitalized terms used but not defined in the Attachment shall have the meanings given to them in the Protocol, except that references to "each Covered Master Agreement" in the Attachment will be deemed to be references to this Agreement and the "Implementation Date" referred to in the Attachment will be deemed to be the date of this Agreement.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(1) 	  Documents to be delivered are:
(a) 	  Each of Party A and Party B will, upon execution of this Agreement, deliver to the other party copies of all corporate or partnership, as the case may be, authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and each Credit Support Document on its behalf.
(b) 	  Each of Party A and Party B will, upon execution of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party, deliver to the other party a certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement, any Confirmations and each Credit Support Document.
(c) 	  Each of Party A and Party B will, upon execution of this Agreement, deliver to the other party a duly executed original of the Credit Support Document specified in Part 4.
(d) 	  Party B will, upon execution of this Agreement, deliver to Party A a copy of its certificate of incorporation or registration, as applicable, limited partnership agreement or articles and memorandum of association, as applicable, prospectus or offering memorandum (and any relevant supplements thereto) from the applicable feeder fund, if produced, investment management agreement, and will thereafter promptly deliver copies of any amendments, supplements, or successors to any of the foregoing.
(e) 	  Party B will deliver to Party A:
(i) 	  as soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of Party B, the annual audited financial statements of Party B prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America, together with an audit report thereon issued by independent certified public accountants certified in the United States of America and of recognized national standing (without a "going concern" or like qualification or exception and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit);
(ii) 	  within 20 days after the end of each calendar month, a monthly statement setting forth Party B's total net assets and percentage change in total net assets (exclusive of shareholder subscriptions and redemptions); and
(iii) 	  promptly upon request, such additional information regarding the financial position or business of Party B as Party A may reasonably request, which information concerning Party B shall pertain to (a)
leverage 	  data; (b) generic portfolio composition, and (c) portfolio liquidity.
(f) 	  Party B will deliver to Party A;
a valid and complete U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, Form W-8EXP, Form W-8BEN, Form W-8BEN-E and/or Form W-8ECI or applicable successor form (or, where Party B is not the beneficial owner for U.S. federal income tax purposes, from each beneficial owner of Party B together with a valid and complete Form W-8IMY (or applicable successor form), with the allocation statement required to be delivered in connection therewith, from Party B, as relevant.), (I) prior to execution of this Agreement; (II) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party; and (III) promptly upon learning that any form or other document previously provided by Party B has become obsolete or incorrect.
(g) 	  Party A shall deliver to Party B:
(i) 	  After the end of each of its fiscal years, as soon as practicable after becoming publicly available and requested by Party B if such financial statement is not available on "EDGAR" or the party's home page on the World Wide Web, the annual report of JPMorgan Chase & Co. containing audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organization and certified by independent certified public accountants for each fiscal year;
(ii) 	  After the end of each of its first three fiscal quarters as soon as practicable after becoming publicly available and requested by Party B if such financial statement is not available on "EDGAR" or the party's home page on the World Wide Web, the unaudited consolidated financial statements of JPMorgan Chase & Co. and the consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income of JPMorgan Chase & Co. for each fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in JPMorgan Chase & Co.'s country of organization.
The documents provided by a party pursuant to Part 3 (1)(a), (b), (d), (e),
(f) and (g) shall be subject to the representation set forth in Section 3(d) of the Agreement.
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(1) 	  Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
(a) In connection with Section 12(a), all notices to Party A shall, with respect to any particular Transaction, be sent to the address or facsimile number specified in the relevant Confirmation and any notice for purposes of Sections 5 or 6 shall be sent to the address specified below:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Attention: Legal Department - Derivatives Practice Group
270 Park Avenue
New York, New York 10017-2070
Facsimile No.: (646) 534-6393
Net Asset Value statements shall be sent by facsimile or e-mail directly to:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
383 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10179
Attention: Managing Director, Credit Portfolio Risk Management -- Hedge Funds
Facsimile: 212-270-5222
e-mail: jpm nav data@jpmorgan.com
(b) In connection with Section 12(a), all notices to Party B (and the Investment Manager on behalf of Party B) for purposes of Sections 5 and 6, and all Confirmations with respect to each Transaction, shall be sent to the following:
SECOR Master Fund L.P.
c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC
522 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York 10036
Attention: Patrick Egan
Email: Patrick.egan@morganstanley.com
(2) 	  Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(3) 	  Offices.The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(4) 	  Multibranch Party.For the purpose of Section 10 of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through any Office specified in a
Confirmation. Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(5) 	  Credit Support Document.
The ISDA Credit Support Annex (New York Law, Security Interest Form) and supplementary "Paragraph 13 -- Elections & Variables" executed by the parties shall constitute a "Credit Support Document" in relation to each party, respectively, for all purposes of this Agreement.
(6) 	  Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A: Not applicable.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party B: Not applicable.
(7) 	  Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
Section 13(b) is amended by (i) deleting the word "non-exclusive" in subsection (i)(2) thereof and replacing it with the word "exclusive" and (ii) deleting subsection (iii) thereof in its entirety.
(8) 	  Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement to all Transactions starting from the date of this Agreement.
(9) 	  " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement; provided, however, that with respect to Party B, Affiliate shall exclude SECOR Capital Advisors, LP.
(10) 	  Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c) of this Agreement:
" Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A: none.
" Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party B:none.
(11) 	  No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) of this Agreement will apply to this Agreement.
(12) 	  Additional Representation will apply, and for the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
"(h) Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(i) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and evaluating and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the financial and other risks of that Transaction.
(iii) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv) Other Transactions. It understands and acknowledges that the other party may, either in connection with entering into a Transaction or from time to time thereafter, engage in open market transactions that are designed to hedge or reduce the risks incurred
by it in connection with such Transaction and that the effect of such open market transactions may be to affect or reduce the value of such Transaction.
(v) Eligible Contract Participant. It is an 'eligible contract participant', as defined in Section la(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended."
(13) 	  Party B Additional Representations. Party B represents to Party A at all times until the termination of this Agreement that:
(i) 	  Authorization of Investment Manager. The Investment Manager is duly authorized to conduct the trading and investment activities of Party B (including, without limitation, the authority to enter into Transactions, execute Confirmations, exercise all rights of Party B in respect of Transactions, and make payments under this Agreement on behalf of Party B).
(ii) 	  Generally Accepted Accounting Principles. The financial information delivered by it pursuant to Part 3(1)(e) of this Schedule, including the related schedules and notes thereto, has been prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the United States of America, applied consistently throughout the periods involved (except as disclosed therein).
(iii) 	  No Material Contingent Obligation(s). Neither Party B nor any of its subsidiaries has any material contingent obligation, contingent liability or liability for taxes, long-term lease or unusual forward or long-term commitment, which is not reflected in the financial statements delivered to Party A pursuant to this Schedule or in the notes thereto.
Each of the foregoing representations shall constitute an "Additional Representation" for purposes of Section 3 of the Agreement.
(14) 	  Telephonic Recording. Each party (i) consents to the recording of the telephone conversations of trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties and their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(1) 	  Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury.Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document. Each party (i)  certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other party or any Credit Support Provider has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii)  acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into this Agreement and provide for any Credit Support Document, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this provision.
(2) 	  ISDA Definitions. Reference is hereby made to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "2006 Definitions") and the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions'') (collectively the "ISDA Definitions") each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., which are hereby incorporated by reference herein. Any term used and not otherwise defined herein which are contained in the ISDA Definitions shall have the meaning set forth therein.
(3) 	  Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, margin loan, forward purchase or sale of a security, or any transaction that is a futures, option or similar exchange-traded transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(4) 	  Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between any of the following documents, the relevant document first listed below shall govern: (i) a Confirmation; (ii) this Schedule and or Paragraph 13 of an ISDA Credit Support Annex (as applicable); (iii) the ISDA Definitions; and (iv) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement and ISDA Credit Support Annex (as applicable). In the event of any inconsistency between provisions contained in the 2006 Definitions and the FX Definitions, the FX Definitions shall prevail.
(5) 	  Financial Statements. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding the following in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period:
"or, in the case of financial statements, a fair presentation in all material respects, of the financial condition of the relevant party".
(6) 	  Calculation Agent.
(i) Subject to the provisions of this Part 5(6) and except as otherwise provided in the applicable Confirmation or Master Confirmation, the Calculation Agent will be Party A; provided, however, that if an Event of Default occurs and is continuing in respect of Party A, the Calculation Agent will be Party B or an Independent Dealer (as defined below) reasonably selected by Party B.
(ii) The procedure set forth in this subpart (ii) is applicable to all Transactions except Credit Derivative Transactions (as defined in the 2003 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions) (or any successor ISDA publication to such definitions) and Non-Disputable Equity Derivatives Transactions). Unless otherwise agreed in a global master confirmation agreement between the parties, a "Non-Disputable Equity Derivatives Transaction" means any Transaction in respect of which (y) the relevant Confirmation incorporates the 2002 ISDA Equity Derivatives Definitions (or any successor ISDA publication to such definitions) and (z) one or more of the Exchanges is located (A) in any of Bahrain, Czech Republic, Egypt, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Jordan, Kuwait, Morocco, Oman, Poland, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Africa, Turkey or the United Arab Emirates, (B) anywhere in Asia other than Japan, Australia, Hong Kong, New Zealand or Singapore or (C) anywhere in Latin America other than Brazil.
A party (the " Objecting Party") has the right to dispute in good faith and on commercially reasonable grounds a particular Determination made by the Calculation Agent, provided that the Objecting Party notifies the other party and the Calculation Agent (if the other party is not the Calculation Agent) of such dispute promptly (but in no event later than one Reference Day) after the Calculation Agent has provided the Objecting Party and the other party (if the other party is not the Calculation Agent) with notice of such Determination.
In any such instance, the parties shall, within three Reference Days after such notice, jointly select three Independent Dealers (or, if the parties cannot jointly agree on three, each party shall select an Independent Dealer, which two Independent Dealers shall jointly select a third Independent Dealer). Each such Independent Dealer shall be requested by the Calculation Agent to make a Determination as to the disputed matter within three Reference Days after its appointment.
In the event that two or three Independent Dealers provide a Determination as to the disputed matter within three Reference Days after their respective appointments:
(y) 	  if those Determinations are susceptible to the calculation of an arithmetic mean, the arithmetic mean of such Determinations shall be binding on the parties for the disputed matter, absent manifest error; or
(z) 	  if those Determinations are not susceptible to the calculation of an arithmetic mean (e.g., Determinations as to whether or not an event has occurred or terms of a Transaction are to be adjusted), then (A) if a majority of the responding Independent Dealers provided the same Determination, such Determination shall be binding on the parties for the disputed matter, absent manifest error, or (B) if a majority of the Independent Dealers did not provide the same Determination, the responding Independent Dealers will jointly appoint a fourth Independent Dealer (the "Resolver"). The Resolver will select, within two Reference Days after its appointment, from the Determinations originally provided by the responding Independent Dealers,
with the selected Determination being binding on the parties for the disputed matter, absent manifest error.
The costs of any Independent Dealers or Resolver shall be borne by (x) the Objecting Party if the Determination made pursuant to this subpart (ii) substantially comports with the relevant Determination made by the Calculation Agent or if the relevant Determination made by the Calculation Agent otherwise applies, (y) Party B if Party B disputes a Determination made by a Calculation Agent selected by Party B, or (z) Party A, if Party A is the Calculation Agent and the Determination made pursuant to this subpart (ii) does not substantially comport with the relevant Determination made by the Calculation Agent.
The following terms used in this Part 5(6) have the following meanings:
"Determination" means any determination, calculation, or adjustment, as the case may be.
"Independent Dealer" means a leading dealer in the relevant market that is not an Affiliate of either of the parties or any other appointed Independent Dealer.
"Reference Day" means, in respect of any Transaction, a Business Day as defined as set forth in the Confirmation evidencing such Transaction or, absent such definition, a day that is a Banking Day (as defined in the 2006 ISDA Definitions) in New York and in the location of the office of Party A where such Transaction is booked.
(iii) A party's right to dispute a Determination under subpart (ii) immediately above shall (1) cease to be applicable at any time that a Potential Event of Default or Event of Default in respect of such party or an Additional Termination Event in respect of which such party is the sole Affected Party has occurred and is continuing, (2) be inapplicable in respect of any Transaction for which the relevant Confirmation or Master Confirmation sets forth procedures for disputing a Determination by the Calculation Agent, and (3) be inapplicable to any Determination made pursuant to the terms of any Protocol sponsored by ISDA to which the parties adhere. Notwithstanding a party's exercise of its right to dispute a Determination under subpart (ii) immediately above, any undisputed amounts or deliveries in respect of any Transaction shall be made by the relevant party as if no dispute existed.
Part 6
Foreign Exchange  & Currency Option Transactions
(1) 	  Section 2.2(a) of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by substituting the following therefor in its entirety:
(a) Deliverable FX Transaction.
(i) Unless the parties expressly agree in a Confirmation of a Deliverable FX Transaction that this subsection (i) shall be inapplicable to such Deliverable FX Transaction, the obligation of Party A to make a payment in respect of any Deliverable FX Transaction on a Settlement Date is subject to the condition precedent that Party B shall have first satisfied its obligation to make each payment under such Deliverable FX Transaction, subject to any applicable condition precedent and any applicable provisions of Article 5.
(ii) If the parties expressly agree in a Confirmation of a Deliverable FX Transaction that subsection (i) immediately above shall be inapplicable to such Deliverable FX Transaction, each party will pay, on the Settlement Date in respect of such Deliverable FX Transaction, the amount specified as payable by it in the related Confirmation, subject to any applicable condition precedent and any applicable provisions of Article 5.
(2) 	  Section 3.4 of the FX Definitions is amended by adding the following:
(c) Discharge and Termination. Unless otherwise agreed, any Call or any Put written by a party will automatically be terminated and discharged, in whole or in part, as applicable, against a Call or a Put, respectively, written by the other party, such termination and discharge to occur automatically upon the payment in full of the last Premium payable in respect of such Currency Option Transactions; provided that such termination and discharge may only occur in respect of Currency Option Transactions:
(i) each being with respect to the same Put Currency and the same Call Currency;
(ii) each having the same Expiration Date and Expiration Time;
(iii) each being of the same style, i.e. either both being American style Currency Option Transactions or both being European style Currency Option Transactions;
(iv) each having the same Strike Price and other material terms;
(v) neither of which shall have been exercised by delivery of a Notice of Exercise; and
(vi) each having been transacted by the same pair of Offices of the Buyer and Seller.
and, upon the occurrence of such termination and discharge, neither party shall have any further obligation to the other party in respect of the relevant Currency Option Transactions or, as the case may be, parts thereof so terminated and discharged. In the case of a partial termination and discharge (i.e., where the relevant Currency Option Transactions are for different amounts of the Currency Pair), the remaining portion of the Currency Option Transaction which is partially discharged and terminated shall continue to be a Currency Option Transaction for all purposes of this Agreement, including this Section 3.4(c).
(3) 	  Section 3.7(a) of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by substituting the following therefor in its entirety:
(a) 	  Deliverable Currency Option Transaction. In respect of an Exercise Date under a Deliverable Currency Option Transaction, on the Settlement Date, except as otherwise set forth in this Section 3.7(a), Buyer will pay to Seller the Put Currency Amount and Seller will pay to Buyer the Call Currency Amount, subject to the provisions of Section 3.6(c), any other applicable condition precedent and any applicable provisions of Article 5. Unless
the parties expressly agree in a Confirmation of a Deliverable Currency Option Transaction that this sentence shall be inapplicable to such Deliverable Currency Option Transaction, Party A may, by notice to Party B before the Settlement Date of any Deliverable Currency Option Transaction, require that each party pay the USD Equivalent of the amount payable by under such Deliverable Currency Option Transaction. "USD Equivalent" means (i) if the relevant currency is U.S. dollars, the amount of U.S. dollars and (ii) if the relevant currency is not U.S. dollars, the equivalent in U.S. dollars of the amount of such currency as determined by Party A in a commercially reasonable manner based on market rates available to Party A at such time in the New York foreign exchange market (or, at the option of Party A, in the foreign exchange market of any other financial center which is then open for business).
(4) 	  Confirmations.
(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, Party A and Party B hereby agree that Deliverable FX Transactions, Non-Deliverable FX Transactions ("NDF Transactions") that are subject to the Master Confirmation for Non-Deliverable Forward FX Transactions between the parties, European style Deliverable Currency Option Transactions without any special features, Non-Deliverable Currency Option Transactions ("NDO Transactions") that are subject to the Master Confirmation for Non-Deliverable Currency Option FX Transactions (European Style) between the parties, Bullion Trades, and European Style Bullion Options without any special features (collectively, "Relevant Transactions"), may be confirmed electronically as set forth below through the use of an internet website provided by Party A (a "JPM Website"), a file transfer over an internet server provided by Party A (a "JPM Internet Server"), or an electronic trading system (an "ET System") provided by Party A or a third party approved by Party A by notice to Party B (an "Approved Provider"). Party A will provide a user ID and/or password to Party B to enable Party B to access a JPM Website, a JPM Internet Server, or an ET System provided by Party A. Access to an ET System provided by an Approved Provider will be subject to such rules and/or agreement as required by the Approved Provider. Party A and Party B hereby agree that Party B may:
(i) input (each such input, a "Transaction Message") onto a JPM Website the material economic terms of one or more Relevant Transactions that (x) Party B has entered into directly with Party A or (y) Party B has entered into with an executing dealer (as identified in accordance with subsection (c) immediately below) pursuant to a Foreign Exchange and Bullion Authorization Agreement (the "Authorization Agreement") dated as of July 12, 2017 among Party A, SECOR Capital Advisors LP, and Party B under, and subject to the terms and conditions of, which Party B has been authorized to enter into such a transaction on behalf of Party A; or
(ii) send to Party A a file (each such file, an "Electronic File") by means of transfer over a JPM Internet Server, setting forth the material economic terms of one or more Relevant Transactions that (x) Party B has entered into directly with Party A or (y) Party B has entered into with an executing dealer (as identified in accordance with subsection (c) immediately below) on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement; or
(iii) enter into a Relevant Transaction through an ET System which ET System will provide an electronic message to Party A setting forth the details of the Relevant Transaction (an "ET System Message") and will indicate whether such Relevant Transaction has been entered into by (x) Party B directly with Party A or (y) Party B with an executing dealer on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement.
(b) Party A and Party B hereby agree that any Transaction Message, Electronic File, or ET System Message will have the same force, effect, and validity as a paper copy of a Confirmation that has been manually signed by an authorized officer on behalf of Party B of (1) in the case of (a)(i)(x), (a)(ii)(x), or (a)(iii)(x) immediately above, the Transaction between Party A and Party B and
(2) in the case of (a)(i)(y), (a)(ii)(y), or (a)(iii)(y) immediately above, the Offsetting Transaction (as defined in the Authorization Agreement) corresponding to the relevant Transaction entered into with the relevant executing dealer. Party B will be bound by and responsible for all messages entered or transmitted under the user ID or password or by an ET System.
(c) Party B agrees that any Transaction Message or Electronic File provided to Party A pursuant to subsection (a) immediately above:
(i) in respect of a Deliverable FX Transaction will contain the following information: Trade Date, the other party to the FX Transaction (if an entity other than Party A is listed, the FX Transaction will be deemed to have been entered into by the Party B on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement), the amount and currency payable by the Party B, the amount and currency payable by Party A and/or the exchange rate, and the Settlement Date;
(ii) in respect of a NDF Transaction will contain the following information:
Trade Date, the other party to the NDF Transaction (if an entity other than Party A is listed, the NDF Transaction will be deemed to have been entered into by the Party B on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement), Reference Currency, whether the Reference Currency for the NDF Transaction is being bought or sold from Party B's perspective, the Reference Currency Notional Amount, the Notional Amount, the Forward Rate, Settlement, Settlement Date, Valuation Date and Settlement Currency.
(iii) in respect of a European style Deliverable Currency Option Transaction will contain the following information: Trade Date, whether the Currency Option Transaction is being bought or sold from Party B's perspective, the other party to the Currency Option Transaction (if an entity other than Party A is listed, the Currency Option Transaction will be deemed to have been entered into by the Party B on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement), Call Currency and Call Currency Amount, Put Currency and Put Currency Amount, Option Type, the Settlement Date, the Strike Price, the Expiration Date, the Expiration Time, the city in which expiration occurs, Premium, and the Premium Payment Date.
(iv) in respect of a NDO Transaction will contain the following information:
Trade Date, whether the NDO Transaction is being bought or sold from Party B's perspective, the other party to the NDO Transaction (if an entity other than Party A is listed, the NDO Transaction will be deemed to have been entered into by the Party B on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement), Call Currency and Call Currency Amount, Put Currency and Put Currency Amount, Currency Option Type, Reference Currency, Settlement Currency, Strike Price, Settlement Date, Settlement, Valuation Date, Premium, and the Premium Payment Date.
(v) in respect of a Bullion Trade will contain the following information:
Trade Date, the other party to the Bullion Trade (if an entity other than Party A is listed, the Bullion Trade will be deemed to have been entered into by the Party B on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement), whether the Bullion involved in the
Bullion Trade is being bought or sold from Party B's perspective, the Number of Ounces being bought or sold by Party B pursuant to the Bullion Trade, the type of Bullion involved in the Bullion Trade, the Transaction Currency, the Bullion Transaction Settlement Date, and the Contract Price.
(vi) in respect of a European Style Bullion Option will contain the following information: Trade Date, the other party to the Bullion Option (if an entity other than Party A is listed, the Bullion Option will be deemed to have been entered into by the Party B on behalf of Party A pursuant to the Authorization Agreement), whether the European Style Bullion Option is being bought or sold from Party B's perspective, the Number of Ounces being bought or sold by Party B pursuant to the Bullion Option, the type of Bullion involved in the Bullion Option, the Transaction Currency, the Settlement Date, the Bullion Strike Price, the strike price quote, the Bullion Expiration Date, the Bullion Expiration Time, the city in which expiration occurs, Bullion Premium, type of Bullion in which Bullion Premium is quoted, the Bullion Premium Payment Date, and the Bullion Option Type.
(d) With respect to all Bullion Trades and Bullion Options confirmed pursuant to this provision, (i) Settlement by Delivery, (ii) Bullion Business Days, (iii) a Delivery Location of London for Bullion Trades and Bullion Options, will be deemed to apply.
Part 7
Master Close-out and Set-off
(1) 	  Definitions. For the purposes of this Part 7, the following terms have the following definitions:
"JPM Affiliate" means each of Party A and any of its Affiliates that executes this Agreement.
"JPM Affiliate Agreement" means any Specified Agreement to which Party B and any JPM Affiliate are parties.
"Specified Agreement" means (i) an agreement governing any Specified Transaction, (ii) any agreement in respect of credit support for obligations under any Specified Transaction or under an agreement governing any Specified Transaction, (iii) any futures agreement or clearing agreement or other similar agreement and (iv) any Institutional Account Agreement with J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC or J.P. Morgan Securities plc.
For the purposes of the definition of "Specified Agreement", the term "Specified Transaction" has the meaning set forth in Section 14 but excluding the following words in subpart (a) of the definition of "Specified Transaction": "between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and the other party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of such other party) which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but".
(2) 	  Master Close-out. Without limiting any provision in any JPM Affiliate Agreement, each JPM Affiliate and Party B agree that the occurrence of any event of default, default, termination event, or similar condition or event (however described) in respect of Party B or a JPM Affiliate
(the entity in respect of which such occurrence takes place being the "Master Close-out Defaulting Party") under a JPM Affiliate Agreement on the basis of which the other party to such JPM Affiliate Agreement has the contractual right to terminate, close-out or liquidate all transactions governed by such JPM Affiliate Agreement or which causes the automatic termination of all such transactions shall entitle the Master Close-out Non-Defaulting Party (as defined below) to terminate all transactions governed by any other JPM Affiliate Agreement (each, an "Other JPM Affiliate Agreement"). "Master Close-out Non-Defaulting Party" means (i) Party B if the Master Close-out Defaulting Party is a JPM Affiliate or (ii) the JPM Affiliate that is the party to such Other JPM Affiliate Agreement if the Master Close-out Defaulting Party is Party B. The amount payable in respect of the termination of transactions governed by any such Other JPM Affiliate Agreement shall be determined in accordance with any applicable provisions thereof and, if there are no such applicable provisions, in the same manner as set forth in Section 6 of this Agreement as if the transactions governed by such other JPM Affiliate Agreement were Transactions governed by this Agreement.
(3) 	  Authorization to Transfer Funds. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or any other agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any event of default, default, termination event, or similar condition or event (however described) in respect of Party B under any JPM Affiliate Agreement, Party B authorizes each JPM Affiliate, in its sole discretion and without prior notice to Party B, to transfer or cause to be transferred any funds, securities and/or other property to, between, or among any accounts maintained by Party B with or among any JPM Affiliates.
(4) 	  Assignment. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in any JPM Affiliate Agreement, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of any event of default, default, termination event, or similar condition or event (however described) in respect of Party B under any JPM Affiliate Agreement, Party B hereby consents and agrees that the rights and obligations of any JPM Affiliate in respect of any JPM Affiliate Agreement may be assigned to any other JPM Affiliate without the prior written consent of Party B.
(5) 	  Additional JPM Set Off Rights. Any amount payable by a JPM Affiliate to Party B in respect of the termination of all transactions governed by a JPM Affiliate Agreement as the result of the occurrence of any event of default, default, termination event, or similar condition or event (however described) in respect of Party B may, at the option of such JPM Affiliate (and without prior notice to Party B), be reduced by its set-off against any Other Agreement Amount (as hereinafter defined). As used herein, "Other Agreement Amount" shall mean any payment obligation of any description whatsoever (whether arising at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by Party B to any JPM Affiliate (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation or whether the relevant party is legally or beneficially the holder of the obligation) arising under any agreement between Party B and any JPM Affiliate or any instrument or undertaking issued or executed or guaranteed by Party B to, or in favor of, any JPM Affiliate or any bond, note, or other debt instrument issued or guaranteed by Party B and owned or held beneficially by any JPM Affiliate as a result of the purchase thereof by or on behalf of any JPM Affiliate, whether directly from the issuer or in the secondary market; and the Other Agreement Amount will be discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off. The JPM Affiliate effecting any set-off pursuant to this section will give notice to Party B of any such set-off.
For this purpose, the Other Agreement Amount (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by the JPM Affiliate effecting the set-off into the currency in which the obligation of such JPM Affiliate is denominated at the rate of exchange at which such JPM Affiliate would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of
such currency. If an obligation is unascertained, a JPM Affiliate may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained. Nothing in this section shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This section shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any entity is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise).
SECOR MASTER FUND L.P. 	    	  JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
By: Ceres Managed Futures LLC By: /s Patrick T. Egan                      	    	  By: /s/ Leila Safai Name: Patrick T. Egan 	    	  Name: Leila Safai Title: President & Director 	    	  Title: Vice President Ceres Managed Futures LLC 	    	  JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES plc J.P. MORGAN MARKETS AUSTRALIA PTY LTD.
With respect to Part 7 of the Schedule By: /s/ Leila Safai Title: Authorized Signatory
(Bilateral Form) 	    	 (ISDA Agreements Subject to New York Law Only)
ISDA
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
2016 CREDIT SUPPORT ANNEX FOR
VARIATION MARGIN (VM)
dated as of July  12, 2017
to the Schedule to the
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of July  12, 2017
between
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 	    	 and SECOR MASTER FUND L.P.
( "Party A") 	    	 ( "Party B")
This Annex supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the above-referenced Agreement, is part of its Schedule and is a Credit Support Document under this Agreement with respect to each party.
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:--
Paragraph 1. Interpretation
(a) Definitions and Inconsistency. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein or elsewhere in this Agreement have the meanings specified pursuant to Paragraph 12, and all references in this Annex to Paragraphs are to Paragraphs of this Annex. In the event of any inconsistency between this Annex and the other provisions of this Schedule, this Annex will prevail, and in the event of any inconsistency between Paragraph 13 and the other provisions of this Annex, Paragraph 13 will prevail.
(b) Secured Party and Pledgor. All references in this Annex to the "Secured Party" will be to either party when acting in that capacity and all corresponding references to the "Pledgor" will be to the other party when acting in that capacity; provided, however, that if Other Posted Support (VM) is held by a party to this Annex, all references herein to that party as the Secured Party with respect to that Other Posted Support (VM) will be to that party as the beneficiary thereof and will not subject that support or that party as the beneficiary thereof to provisions of law generally relating to security interests and secured parties.
(c) Scope of this Annex and the Other CSA. The only Transactions which will be relevant for the purposes of determining "Exposure" under this Annex will be the Covered Transactions specified in Paragraph 13. Each Other CSA, if any, is hereby amended such that the Transactions that will be relevant for purposes of determining "Exposure" thereunder, if any, will exclude the Covered Transactions. Except as provided in Paragraphs 8(a), 8(b) and 11(j), nothing in this Annex will affect the rights and obligations, if any, of either party with respect to "independent amounts" or initial margin under each Other CSA, if any, with respect to Transactions that are Covered Transactions.
Copyright (C) 2016 by International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
Paragraph 2. Security Interest
Each party, as the Pledgor, hereby pledges to the other party, as the Secured Party, as security for its Obligations, and grants to the Secured Party a first priority continuing security interest in, lien on and right of Set-off against all Posted Collateral (VM) Transferred to or received by the Secured Party hereunder. Upon the Transfer by the Secured Party to the Pledgor of Posted Collateral (VM), the security interest and lien granted hereunder on that Posted Collateral (VM) will be released immediately and, to the extent possible, without any further action by either party.
Paragraph 3. Credit Support Obligations
(a) Delivery Amount (VM). Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the Secured Party on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Delivery Amount (VM) for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Pledgor's Minimum Transfer Amount, then the Pledgor will Transfer to the Secured Party Eligible Credit Support (VM) having a Value as of the date of Transfer at least equal to the applicable Delivery Amount (VM) (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the _" Delivery Amount (VM)" _applicable to the Pledgor for any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which:
(i) the Secured Party's Exposure
exceeds
(ii) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support (VM) held by the Secured Party.
(b) Return Amount (VM). Subject to Paragraphs 4 and 5, upon a demand made by the Pledgor on or promptly following a Valuation Date, if the Return Amount (VM) for that Valuation Date equals or exceeds the Secured Party's Minimum Transfer Amount, then the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor Posted Credit Support (VM) specified by the Pledgor in that demand having a Value as of the date of Transfer as close as practicable to the applicable Return Amount (VM) (rounded pursuant to Paragraph 13). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the " Return Amount" applicable to the Secured Party for any Valuation Date will equal the amount by which:
(i) the Value as of that Valuation Date of all Posted Credit Support (VM) held by the Secured Party exceeds
(ii) the Secured Party's Exposure.
Paragraph 4. Conditions Precedent, Transfer Timing, Calculations and Substitutions
(a) Conditions Precedent. Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, each Transfer obligation of the Pledgor under Paragraphs 3, 5 and 6(d) and of the Secured Party under Paragraphs 3, 4(d)(ii), 5, 6(d) and 11(h) is subject to the conditions precedent that:
(i) no Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Specified Condition has occurred and is continuing with respect to the other party; and
(ii) no Early Termination Date for which any unsatisfied payment obligations exist has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the other party.
(b) Transfer Timing. Subject to Paragraphs 4(a) and 5 and unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, if a demand for the Transfer of Eligible Credit Support (VM) or Posted Credit Support (VM) is made by the Notification Time, then the relevant Transfer will be made not later than the close of business on the Regular Settlement Day; if a demand is made after the Notification Time, then the relevant Transfer will be made not later than the close of business on the next Local Business Day following the Regular Settlement Day.
(c) Calculations. All calculations of Value and Exposure for purposes of Paragraphs 3 and 6(d) will be made by the Valuation Agent as of the Valuation Time; provided that the Valuation Agent may use, in the case of any calculation of (i) Value, Values most recently reasonably available for close of business in the relevant market for
2 	   	 1SDA 2002
the relevant Eligible Credit Support (VM) as of the Valuation Time and (ii) Exposure, relevant information or data most recently reasonably available for close of business in the relevant market(s) as of the Valuation Time. The Valuation Agent will notify each party (or the other party, if the Valuation Agent is a party) of its calculations not later than the Notification Time on the Local Business Day following the applicable Valuation Date (or in the case of Paragraph 6(d), following the date of calculation).
(d) Substitutions.
(i) Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, upon notice to the Secured Party specifying the items of Posted Credit Support (VM) to be exchanged, the Pledgor may, on any Local Business Day, Transfer to the Secured Party substitute Eligible Credit Support (VM) (the _" Substitute Credit Support (VM)"); _and
(ii) subject to Paragraph 4(a), the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor the items of Posted Credit Support (VM) specified by the Pledgor in its notice not later than the Local Business Day following the date on which the Secured Party receives the Substitute Credit Support (VM), unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 (the " Substitution Date"); provided that the Secured Party will only be obligated to Transfer Posted Credit Support (VM) with a Value as of the date of Transfer of that Posted Credit Support (VM) equal to the Value as of that date of the Substitute Credit Support (VM).
Paragraph 5. Dispute Resolution
If a party (a " Disputing Party") disputes (I) the Valuation Agent's calculation of a Delivery Amount (VM) or a Return Amount (VM) or (II) the Value of any Transfer of Eligible Credit Support (VM) or Posted Credit Support (VM), then:
(i) the Disputing Party will notify the other party and the Valuation Agent (if the Valuation Agent is not the other party) not later than the close of business on (X) the date that the Transfer is due in respect of such Delivery Amount (VM) or Return Amount (VM) in the case of (I) above, or (Y) the Local Business Day following the date of Transfer in the case of (II) above,
(ii) subject to Paragraph 4(a), the appropriate party will Transfer the undisputed amount to the other party not later than the close of business on
(X) the date that the Transfer is due in respect of such Delivery Amount (VM) or Return Amount (VM) in the case of (I)  above, or (Y) the Local Business Day following the date of Transfer in the case of (II) above,
(iii) the parties will consult with each other in an attempt to resolve the dispute, and
(iv) if they fail to resolve the dispute by the Resolution Time, then:
(A) In the case of a dispute involving a Delivery Amount (VM) or Return Amount (VM), unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the Valuation Agent will recalculate the Exposure and the Value as of the Recalculation Date by:
(1) utilizing any calculations of Exposure for the Covered Transactions that the parties have agreed are not in dispute;
(2) (I) if this Agreement is a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement, calculating the Exposure for the Covered Transactions in dispute by seeking four actual quotations at mid-market from Reference Market-makers for purposes of calculating Market Quotation, and taking the arithmetic average of those obtained, or (II) if this Agreement is an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement or a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement in which the definition of Loss and/or Market Quotation has been amended (including where such amendment has occurred pursuant to the terms of a separate agreement or protocol) to reflect the definition of Close- out Amount from the pre-printed form of the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement as published by ISDA, calculating the Exposure for the Covered Transactions in dispute by seeking four actual quotations at mid-market from third parties for purposes of calculating the relevant Close-out Amount, and taking the arithmetic average of those obtained; provided that, in
3 	   	 1SDA 2002
either case, if four quotations are not available for a particular Covered Transaction, then fewer than four quotations may be used for that Covered Transaction, and if no quotations are available for a particular Covered Transaction, then the Valuation Agent's original calculations will be used for that Covered Transaction; and
(3) utilizing the procedures specified in Paragraph 13 for calculating the Value, if disputed, of Posted Credit Support (VM).
(B) In the case of a dispute involving the Value of any Transfer of Eligible Credit Support (VM) or Posted Credit Support (VM), the Valuation Agent will recalculate the Value as of the date of Transfer pursuant to Paragraph 13.
Following a recalculation pursuant to this Paragraph, the Valuation Agent will notify each party (or the other party, if the Valuation Agent is a party) not later than the Notification Time on the Local Business Day following the Resolution Time. The appropriate party will, upon demand following that notice by the Valuation Agent or a resolution pursuant to (iii) above and subject to Paragraphs 4(a) and 4(b), make the appropriate Transfer.
Paragraph 6. Holding and Using Posted Collateral (VM)
(a) Care of Posted Collateral (VM). Without limiting the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c), the Secured Party will exercise reasonable care to assure the safe custody of all Posted Collateral (VM) to the extent required by applicable law, and in any event the Secured Party will be deemed to have exercised reasonable care if it exercises at least the same degree of care as it would exercise with respect to its own property. Except as specified in the preceding sentence, the Secured Party will have no duty with respect to Posted Collateral (VM), including, without limitation, any duty to collect any Distributions, or enforce or preserve any rights pertaining thereto.
(b) Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral (VM); Custodians (VM).
(i) General. Subject to the satisfaction of any conditions specified in Paragraph 13 for holding Posted Collateral (VM), the Secured Party will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral (VM) or to appoint an agent (a _" Custodian (VM)") _to hold Posted Collateral (VM) for the Secured Party. Upon notice by the Secured Party to the Pledgor of the appointment of a Custodian (VM), the Pledgor's obligations to make any Transfer will be discharged by making the Transfer to that Custodian (VM). The holding of Posted Collateral (VM) by a Custodian (VM) will be deemed to be the holding of that Posted Collateral (VM) by the Secured Party for which the Custodian (VM) is acting.
(ii) Failure to Satisfy Conditions. If the Secured Party or its Custodian (VM) fails to satisfy any conditions for holding Posted Collateral (VM), then upon a demand made by the Pledgor, the Secured Party will, not later than five Local Business Days after the demand, Transfer or cause its Custodian (VM) to Transfer all Posted Collateral (VM) held by it to a Custodian (VM) that satisfies those conditions or to the Secured Party if it satisfies those conditions.
(iii) Liability. The Secured Party will be liable for the acts or omissions of its Custodian (VM) to the same extent that the Secured Party would be liable hereunder for its own acts or omissions.
(c) Use of Posted Collateral (VM). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and without limiting the rights and obligations of the parties under Paragraphs 3, 4(d)(ii), 5, 6(d) and 8, if the Secured Party is not a Defaulting Party or an Affected Party with respect to a Specified Condition and no Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then the Secured Party will, notwithstanding Section 9-207 of the New York Uniform Commercial Code, have the right to:
(i) sell, pledge, rehypothecate, assign, invest, use, commingle or otherwise dispose of, or otherwise use in its business any Posted Collateral (VM) it holds, free from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of the Pledgor, including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor; and
4 	   	 1SDA 2002
(ii) register any Posted Collateral (VM) in the name of the Secured Party, its Custodian (VM) or a nominee for either.
For purposes of the obligation to Transfer Eligible Credit Support (VM) or Posted Credit Support (VM) pursuant to Paragraphs 3 and 5 and any rights or remedies authorized under this Agreement, the Secured Party will be deemed to continue to hold all Posted Collateral (VM) and to receive Distributions made thereon, regardless of whether the Secured Party has exercised any rights with respect to any Posted Collateral (VM) pursuant to (i) or (ii) above.
(d) Distributions, Interest Amount (VM) and Interest Payment (VM).
(i) Distributions. Subject to Paragraph 4(a), if the Secured Party receives or is deemed to receive Distributions on a Local Business Day, it will Transfer to the Pledgor not later than the following Local Business Day any Distributions it receives or is deemed to receive to the extent that a Delivery Amount (VM) would not be created or increased by that Transfer, as calculated by the Valuation Agent (and the date of calculation will be deemed to be a Valuation Date for this purpose).
(ii) Interest Amount (VM) and Interest Payment (VM). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13 and subject to Paragraph 4(a), in lieu of any interest, dividends or other amounts paid or deemed to have been paid with respect to Posted Collateral (VM) in the form of Cash (all of which may be retained by the Secured Party),
(A) if "Interest Transfer" is specified as applicable in Paragraph 13, the Interest Payer (VM) will Transfer to the Interest Payee (VM), at the times specified in Paragraph 13, the relevant Interest Payment (VM); provided that if "Interest Payment Netting" is specified as applicable in Paragraph 13:
(1) if the Interest Payer (VM) is entitled to demand a Delivery Amount (VM) or Return Amount (VM), in respect of the date such Interest Payment (VM) is required to be Transferred:
(a) 	  such Delivery Amount (VM) or Return Amount (VM) will be reduced (but not below zero) by such Interest Payment (VM); provided that, in case of such Return Amount (VM), if the amount of Posted Collateral (VM) which is comprised of Cash in the Base Currency is less than such Interest Payment (VM), such reduction will only be to the extent of the amount of such Cash which is Posted Collateral (VM) (the " Eligible Return Amount (VM)"); and
(b) 	  the Interest Payer (VM) will Transfer to the Interest Payee (VM) the amount of the excess, if any, of such Interest Payment (VM) over such Delivery Amount (VM) or Eligible Return Amount (VM), as applicable; and
(II) if under Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(A)(I)(a) a Delivery Amount (VM) is reduced (the amount of such reduction, the " Delivery Amount Reduction (VM)") or a Return Amount (VM) is reduced (the amount of such reduction, the _" Return Amount Reduction (VM)"), _then for purposes of determining Posted Collateral (VM), the Secured Party (a) will be deemed to have received an amount in Cash in the Base Currency equal to any Delivery Amount Reduction (VM), and such amount will constitute Posted Collateral (VM) in such Cash and will be subject to the security interest granted under Paragraph 2 or (b) will be deemed to have Transferred an amount in Cash in the Base Currency equal to any Return Amount Reduction (VM), as applicable, in each case on the day on which the relevant Interest Payment (VM) was due to be Transferred, as applicable; and
(B) if "Interest Adjustment" is specified as applicable in Paragraph 13, the Posted Collateral (VM) will be adjusted by the Secured Party, at the times specified in Paragraph 13, as follows:
(I) if the Interest Amount (VM) for an Interest Period is a positive number, the Interest Amount (VM) will constitute Posted Collateral (VM) in the form of Cash in the Base Currency and will be subject to the security interest granted under Paragraph 2; and
5 	   	 1SDA 2002
(II) if the Interest Amount (VM) for an Interest Period is a negative number and any Posted Collateral (VM) is in the form of Cash in the Base Currency, the Interest Amount (VM) will constitute a reduction of Posted Collateral (VM) in the form of such Cash in an amount (such amount, the _" Interest Adjustment Reduction Amount (VM)") _equal to the absolute value of the Interest Amount (VM); provided that if the amount of Posted Collateral (VM) which is comprised of such Cash is less than the Interest Adjustment Reduction Amount (VM), such reduction will only be to the extent of the amount of such Cash which is Posted Collateral (VM) and the Pledgor will be obligated to Transfer the remainder of the Interest Adjustment Reduction Amount (VM) to the Secured Party on the day that such reduction occurred.
Paragraph 7. Events of Default
For purposes of Section 5(a)(iii)(l) of this Agreement, an Event of Default will exist with respect to a party if:
(i) that party fails (or fails to cause its Custodian (VM)) to make, when due, any Transfer of Eligible Collateral (VM), Posted Collateral (VM) or the Interest Payment (VM), as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure continues for two Local Business Days after notice of that failure is given to that party;
(ii) that party fails to comply with any restriction or prohibition specified in this Annex with respect to any of the rights specified in Paragraph 6(c) and that failure continues for five Local Business Days after notice of that failure is given to that party; or
(iii) that party fails to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation other than those specified in Paragraphs 7(i) and 7(ii) and that failure continues for 30 days after notice of that failure is given to that party.
Paragraph 8. Certain Rights and Remedies
(a) Secured Party 's Rights and Remedies. If at any time (1) an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledgor has occurred and is continuing or (2) an Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Pledgor, then, unless the Pledgor has paid in full all of its Obligations that are then due, the Secured Party may exercise one or more of the following rights and remedies:
(i) all rights and remedies available to a secured party under applicable law with respect to Posted Collateral (VM) held by the Secured Party;
(ii) any other rights and remedies available to the Secured Party under the terms of Other Posted Support (VM), if any;
(iii) the right to Set-off (A) any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations and (B) any Cash amounts and the Cash equivalent of any non-Cash items posted to the Pledgor by the Secured Party as margin under any Other CSA (other than any Other CSA Excluded Credit Support) the return of which is due to the Secured Party against any Posted Collateral (VM) or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral (VM) held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral (VM)); and
(iv) the right to liquidate any Posted Collateral (VM) held by the Secured Party through one or more public or private sales or other dispositions with such notice, if any, as may be required under applicable law, free from any claim or right of any nature whatsoever of the Pledgor, including any equity or right of redemption by the Pledgor (with the Secured Party having the right to purchase any or all of the Posted Collateral (VM) to be sold) and to apply the proceeds (or the Cash equivalent thereof) from the liquidation of the Posted Collateral (VM) to (A) any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations and (B) any Cash amounts and the Cash equivalent of any non-Cash items posted to the Pledgor by the Secured Party as margin under any Other CSA (other than any Other CSA Excluded Credit Support) the return of which is due to the Secured Party in that order as the Secured Party may elect.
6 	   	 1SDA 2002
Each party acknowledges and agrees that Posted Collateral (VM) in the form of securities may decline speedily in value and is of a type customarily sold on a recognized market, and, accordingly, the Pledgor is not entitled to prior notice of any sale of that Posted Collateral (VM) by the Secured Party, except any notice that is required under applicable law and cannot be waived.
(b) Pledgor 's Rights and Remedies. If at any time an Early Termination Date has occurred or been designated as the result of an Event of Default or Specified Condition with respect to the Secured Party, then (except in the case of an Early Termination Date relating to fewer than all Transactions where the Secured Party has paid in full all of its obligations that are then due under Section 6(e) of this Agreement):
(i) the Pledgor may exercise all rights and remedies available to a pledgor under applicable law with respect to Posted Collateral (VM) held by the Secured Party;
(ii) the Pledgor may exercise any other rights and remedies available to the Pledgor under the terms of Other Posted Support (VM), if any;
(iii) the Secured Party will be obligated immediately to Transfer all Posted Collateral (VM) and, if the Secured Party is an Interest Payer (VM), the Interest Payment (VM) to the Pledgor; and
(iv) to the extent that Posted Collateral (VM) or the Interest Payment (VM) is not so Transferred pursuant to (iii) above, the Pledgor may:
(A) Set-off any amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations against any Posted Collateral (VM) or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral (VM) held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral (VM));
(B) Set-off, net, or apply credit support received under any Other CSA or the proceeds thereof against any Posted Collateral (VM) or the Cash equivalent of any Posted Collateral (VM) held by the Secured Party (or any obligation of the Secured Party to Transfer that Posted Collateral (VM)); and
(C) to the extent that the Pledgor does not Set-off under (iv)(A) or (iv)(B) above, withhold payment of any remaining amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations, up to the Value of any remaining Posted Collateral (VM) held by the Secured Party, until that Posted Collateral (VM) is Transferred to the Pledgor.
(c) Deficiencies and Excess Proceeds. The Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor any proceeds and Posted Credit Support (VM) remaining after liquidation, Set-off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b) after satisfaction in full of all amounts payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations; and the Pledgor in all events will remain liable for any amounts remaining unpaid after any liquidation, Set-off and/or application under Paragraphs 8(a) and 8(b).
(d) Final Returns. When no amounts are or thereafter may become payable by the Pledgor with respect to any Obligations (except for any potential liability under Section 2(d) of this Agreement, any obligation to Transfer any Interest Payment (VM) under this Paragraph 8(d) or any obligation to transfer any interest payment under any Other CSA), (i) the Secured Party will Transfer to the Pledgor all Posted Credit Support (VM), and (ii) the Interest Payer (VM) will Transfer to the Interest Payee (VM) any Interest Payment (VM).
Paragraph 9. Representations
Each party represents to the other party (which representations will be deemed to be repeated as of each date on which it, as the Pledgor, Transfers Eligible Collateral (VM)) that:
(i) it has the power to grant a security interest in and lien on any Eligible Collateral (VM) it Transfers as the Pledgor and has taken all necessary actions to authorize the granting of that security interest and lien;
7 	   	 1SDA 2002
(ii) it is the sole owner of or otherwise has the right to Transfer all Eligible Collateral (VM) it Transfers to the Secured Party hereunder, free and clear of any security interest, lien, encumbrance or other restrictions other than the security interest and lien granted under Paragraph 2;
(iii) upon the Transfer of any Eligible Collateral (VM) to the Secured Party under the terms of this Annex, the Secured Party will have a valid and perfected first priority security interest therein (assuming that any central clearing corporation or any third-party financial intermediary or other entity not within the control of the Pledgor involved in the Transfer of that Eligible Collateral (VM) gives the notices and takes the action required of it under applicable law for perfection of that interest); and
(iv) the performance by it of its obligations under this Annex will not result in the creation of any security interest, lien or other encumbrance on any Posted Collateral (VM) other than the security interest and lien granted under Paragraph 2.
Paragraph 10. Expenses
(a) General. Except as otherwise provided in Paragraphs 10(b) and 10(c), each party will pay its own costs and expenses in connection with performing its obligations under this Annex and neither party will be liable for any costs and expenses incurred by the other party in connection herewith.
(b) Posted Credit Support (VM). The Pledgor will promptly pay when due all taxes, assessments or charges of any nature that are imposed with respect to Posted Credit Support (VM) held by the Secured Party upon becoming aware of the same, regardless of whether any portion of that Posted Credit Support (VM) is subsequently disposed of under Paragraph 6(c), except for those taxes, assessments and charges that result from the exercise of the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c).
(c) Liquidation/Application of Posted Credit Support (VM). All reasonable costs and expenses incurred by or on behalf of the Secured Party or the Pledgor in connection with the liquidation and/or application of any Posted Credit Support (VM) under Paragraph 8 will be payable, on demand and pursuant to the Expenses Section of this Agreement, by the Defaulting Party or, if there is no Defaulting Party, equally by the parties.
Paragraph 11. Miscellaneous
(a) Default Interest. A Secured Party that fails to make, when due, any Transfer of Posted Collateral (VM) will be obligated to pay the Pledgor (to the extent permitted under applicable law) an amount equal to interest at the Default Rate multiplied by the Value of the items of property that were required to be Transferred, from (and including) the date that Posted Collateral (VM) was required to be Transferred to (but excluding) the date of Transfer of that Posted Collateral (VM). This interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed. An Interest Payer (VM) that fails to make, when due, any Transfer of an Interest Payment (VM) will be obligated to pay the Interest Payee (VM) (to the extent permitted under applicable law) an amount equal to interest at the Default Rate (and for such purposes, if the Default Rate is less than zero, it will be deemed to be zero) multiplied by that Interest Payment (VM), from (and including) the date that Interest Payment (VM) was required to be Transferred to (but excluding) the date of Transfer of that Interest Payment (VM). This interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed.
(b) Further Assurances. Promptly following a demand made by a party, the other party will execute, deliver, file and record any financing statement, specific assignment or other document and take any other action that may be necessary or desirable and reasonably requested by that party to create, preserve, perfect or validate any security interest or lien granted under Paragraph 2, to enable that party to exercise or enforce its rights under this Annex with respect to Posted Credit Support (VM) or an Interest Payment (VM) or to effect or document a release of a security interest on Posted Collateral (VM) or an Interest Payment (VM).
(c) Further Protection. The Pledgor will promptly give notice to the Secured Party of, and defend against, any suit, action, proceeding or lien that involves Posted Credit Support (VM) Transferred by the Pledgor or that could
8 	   	 1SDA 2002
adversely affect the security interest and lien granted by it under Paragraph 2, unless that suit, action, proceeding or lien results from the exercise of the Secured Party's rights under Paragraph 6(c).
(d) Good Faith and Commercially Reasonable Manner. Performance of all obligations under this Annex, including, but not limited to, all calculations, valuations and determinations made by either party, will be made in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.
(e) Demands and Notices. All demands and notices made by a party under this Annex will be made as specified in the Notices Section of this Agreement, except as otherwise provided in Paragraph 13.
(f) Specifications of Certain Matters. Anything referred to in this Annex as being specified in Paragraph 13 also may be specified in one or more Confirmations or other documents and this Annex will be construed accordingly.
(g) Legally Ineligible Credit Support (VM). Unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, upon delivery of a Legal Ineligibility Notice by a party, each item of Eligible Credit Support (VM) (or a specified amount of such item) identified in such notice (i) will cease to be Eligible Credit Support (VM) for purposes of Transfers to such party as the Secured Party hereunder as of the applicable Transfer Ineligibility Date, (ii) will cease to be Eligible Credit Support (VM) for the other party as the Pledgor for all purposes hereunder as of the Total Ineligibility Date and (iii) will have a Value of zero on and from the Total Ineligibility Date.
" Legal Ineligibility Notice" means a written notice from the Secured Party to the Pledgor in which the Secured Party (i) represents that the Secured Party has determined that one or more items of Eligible Credit Support (VM) (or a specified amount of any such item) either has ceased to satisfy, or as of a specified date will cease to satisfy, collateral eligibility requirements under law applicable to the Secured Party requiring the collection of variation margin (the " Legal Eligibility Requirements"), (ii) lists the item(s) of Eligible Credit Support (VM) (and, if applicable, the specified amount) that have ceased to satisfy, or as of a specified date will cease to satisfy, the Legal Eligibility Requirements, (iii) describes the reason(s) why such item(s) of Eligible Credit Support (VM) (or the specified amount thereof) have ceased to satisfy, or will cease to satisfy, the Legal Eligibility Requirements and (iv) specifies the Total Ineligibility Date and, if different, the Transfer Ineligibility Date.
" Total Ineligibility Date" means the date on which the relevant item of Eligible Credit Support (VM) (or a specified amount of such item) has ceased to satisfy, or will cease to satisfy, the Legal Eligibility Requirements applicable to the Secured Party for all purposes hereunder; provided that, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, if such date is earlier than the fifth Local Business Day following the date on which the Legal Ineligibility Notice is delivered, the Total Ineligibility Date will be the fifth Local Business Day following the date of such delivery.
" Transfer Ineligibility Date" means the date on which the relevant item of Eligible Credit Support (VM) (or a specified amount of such item) has ceased to satisfy, or will cease to satisfy, the Legal Eligibility Requirements for purposes of Transfers to the Secured Party hereunder; provided that, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, if such date is earlier than the fifth Local Business Day following the date on which the Legal Ineligibility Notice is delivered, the Transfer Ineligibility Date will be the fifth Local Business Day following the date of such delivery.
(h) Return of Posted Credit Support (VM) with a Value of Zero. Subject to Paragraph 4(a), the Secured Party will, promptly upon demand (but in no event later than the time at which a Transfer would be due under Paragraph 4(b) with respect to a demand for the Transfer of Eligible Credit Support (VM) or Posted Credit Support (VM)), Transfer to the Pledgor any item of Posted Credit Support (VM) (or the specified amount of such item) that as of the date of such demand has a Value of zero; provided that the Secured Party will only be obligated to Transfer any Posted Credit Support (VM) in accordance with this Paragraph 11(h), if, as of the date of Transfer of such item, the Pledgor has satisfied all of its Transfer obligations under this Annex, if any.
(i) Reinstatement of Credit Support Eligibility. Upon a reasonable request by the Pledgor, the Secured Party will determine whether an item (or a specified amount of such item) of Eligible Credit Support (VM) that was the subject of a prior Legal Ineligibility Notice would currently satisfy the Legal Eligibility Requirements applicable to the Secured Party. If the Secured Party determines that as of such date of determination such item (or specified amount of such item) satisfies the Legal Eligibility Requirements applicable to the Secured Party, the Secured Party
9 	   	 1SDA 2002
will promptly following such determination rescind the relevant Legal Ineligibility Notice with respect to such item (or specified amount of such item) by written notice to the Pledgor. Upon the delivery of such notice, the relevant item (or specified amount of such item) will constitute Eligible Credit Support (VM) hereunder.
(j) Credit Support Offsets. If the parties specify that "Credit Support Offsets" is applicable in Paragraph 13, and on any date:
(i) a Transfer of Eligible Credit Support (VM) is due under this Annex to satisfy a Delivery Amount (VM) or a Return Amount (VM) obligation, and a transfer of credit support (other than any Other CSA Excluded Credit Support) is also due under any Other CSA;
(ii) the parties have notified each other of the credit support that they intend to Transfer under this Annex and transfer under such Other CSA (other than any Other CSA Excluded Credit Support) to satisfy their respective obligations; and
(iii) in respect of Paragraph 11(j)(ii), each party intends to transfer one or more types of credit support that is fully fungible with one or more types of credit support the other party intends to transfer (each such credit support, a " Fungible Credit Support Type"),
then, on such date and in respect of each such Fungible Credit Support Type, each party's obligation to make a transfer of any such Fungible Credit Support Type hereunder or under such Other CSA will be automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate amount that would have otherwise been transferred by one party exceeds the aggregate amount that would have otherwise been transferred by the other party, replaced by an obligation hereunder or under such Other CSA, as applicable, upon the party by which the larger aggregate amount would have been transferred to transfer to the other party the excess of the larger aggregate amount over the smaller aggregate amount. If a party's obligation to make a transfer of credit support under this Annex or an Other CSA is automatically satisfied and discharged pursuant to this Paragraph 11(j), then, for purposes of this Annex or the Other CSA, as applicable, the other party will be deemed to have received credit support of the applicable Fungible Credit Support Type in the amount that would otherwise have been required to be transferred, in each case on the day on which the relevant transfer was due.
Paragraph 12. Definitions
As used in this Annex:--
" Base Currency" means the currency specified as such in Paragraph 13.
" Base Currency Equivalent" means, with respect to an amount on a Valuation Date, in the case of an amount denominated in the Base Currency, such Base Currency amount and, in the case of an amount denominated in a currency other than the Base Currency (the " Other Currency"), the amount of Base Currency required to purchase such amount of the Other Currency at the spot exchange rate on such Valuation Date as determined by the Valuation Agent.
" Cash" means, respectively, the Base Currency and each other Eligible Currency.
" Covered Transaction" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.
" Credit Support Eligibility Condition (VM)" means, with respect to any item specified for a party as Eligible Collateral (VM) in Paragraph 13, any condition specified for that item in Paragraph 13.
" Custodian (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraphs 6(b)(i) and 13.
" Delivery Amount (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a).
" Delivery Amount Reduction (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(A)(II).
" Disputing Party" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 5.
10 	   	 1SDA 2002
" Distributions" means with respect to Posted Collateral (VM) other than Cash, all principal, interest and other payments and distributions of cash or other property with respect thereto, regardless of whether the Secured Party has disposed of that Posted Collateral (VM) under Paragraph 6(c).
Distributions will not include any item of property acquired by the Secured Party upon any disposition or liquidation of Posted Collateral (VM) or, with respect to any Posted Collateral (VM) in the form of Cash, any distributions on that collateral, unless otherwise specified herein.
" Eligible Collateral (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.
" Eligible Credit Support (VM)" means Eligible Collateral (VM) and Other Eligible Support (VM).
" Eligible Currency" means each currency specified as such in Paragraph 13, if such currency is freely available.
" Eligible Return Amount (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(A)(I)(a).
" Exposure" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, for any Valuation Date or other date for which Exposure is calculated and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute:
(i) if this Agreement is a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement, the amount, if any, that would be payable to a party that is the Secured Party by the other party (expressed as a positive number) or by a party that is the Secured Party to the other party (expressed as a negative number) pursuant to Section 6(e)(ii)(2)(A) of this Agreement as if all Covered Transactions were being terminated as of the relevant Valuation Time on the basis that the Base Currency is the Termination Currency; provided that Market Quotation will be determined by the Valuation Agent on behalf of that party using its estimates at mid-market of the amounts that would be paid for Replacement Transactions (as that term is defined in the definition of "Market Quotation"); and
(ii) if this Agreement is an ISDA 2002 Master Agreement or a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement in which the definition of Loss and/or Market Quotation has been amended (including where such amendment has occurred pursuant to the terms of a separate agreement or protocol) to reflect the definition of Close-out Amount from the pre-printed form of the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement as published by ISDA, the amount, if any, that would be payable to a party that is the Secured Party by the other party (expressed as a positive number) or by a party that is ,the Secured Party to the other party (expressed as a negative number) pursuant to Section 6(e)(ii)(1) (but without reference to clause (3) of Section 6(e)(ii)) of this Agreement as if all Covered Transactions were being terminated as of the relevant Valuation Time on the basis that the Base Currency is the Termination Currency; provided that the Close-out Amount will be determined by the Valuation Agent on behalf of that party using its estimates at mid-market of the amounts that would be paid for transactions providing the economic equivalent of (X) the material terms of the Covered Transactions, including the payments and deliveries by the parties under Section 2(a)(i) in respect of the Covered Transactions that would, but for the occurrence of the relevant Early Termination Date, have been required after that date (assuming satisfaction of the conditions precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)), and (Y) the option rights of the parties in respect of the Covered Transactions.
" Fungible Credit Support Type" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(j)(iii).
" FX Haircut Percentage" means, for any item of Eligible Collateral (VM), the percentage specified as such in Paragraph 13.
" Interest Adjustment Reduction Amount (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(B)(11).
" Interest Amount (VM)" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the aggregate sum of the Base Currency Equivalents of the amounts of interest determined for each relevant currency and calculated for each day in that Interest Period on any Posted Collateral (VM) in the form of Cash in such currency held by the Secured Party on that day, determined by the Secured Party for each such day as follows:
11 	   	 1SDA 2002
(i) the amount of Cash in such currency on that day plus, only if "Daily Interest Compounding" is specified as applicable in Paragraph 13, the aggregate of each Interest Amount (VM) in respect of such currency determined for each preceding day, if any, in that Interest Period; multiplied by
(ii) the Interest Rate (VM) in effect for that day; divided by
(iii) 360 (or, in the case of pounds sterling or any other currency specified as an "A1365 Currency" in Paragraph 13, 365);
provided that, unless "Negative Interest" is specified as applicable in Paragraph 13, if the Interest Amount (VM) for an Interest Period would be a negative amount, it will be deemed to be zero.
" Interest Payee (VM)" means, in relation to an Interest Payer (VM), the other party.
" Interest Payer (VM)" means the Secured Party; provided that if "Negative Interest" is specified as applicable in Paragraph 13 and an Interest Payment (VM) is determined in respect of a negative Interest Amount (VM), the Interest Payer (VM) in respect of such Interest Payment (VM) will be the Pledgor.
" Interest Payment (VM)" means, with respect to an Interest Period, the Interest Amount (VM) determined in respect of such Interest Period; provided that in respect of any negative Interest Amount (VM), the Interest Payment (VM) will be the absolute value of such negative Interest Amount (VM).
" Interest Period" means the period from (and including) the last day on which (i) a party became obligated to Transfer an Interest Payment (VM) or (ii) an Interest Amount (VM) was included or otherwise became constituted as part of Posted Collateral (VM) (or, if no Interest Payment (VM) or Interest Amount (VM) has yet fallen due or been included or otherwise became constituted as a part of Posted Collateral (VM), respectively, the day on which Eligible Credit Support (VM) in the form of Cash was Transferred to or received by the Secured Party) to (but excluding) the day on which (i) a party is obligated to Transfer the current Interest Payment (VM) or (ii) the current Interest Amount (VM) is included or otherwise becomes constituted as a part of Posted Collateral (VM).
" Interest Rate (VM)" means, with respect to an Eligible Currency, the rate specified in Paragraph 13 for that currency.
" Legal Eligibility Requirements" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g).
" Legal Ineligibility Notice" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g).
" Local Business Day", unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, means:
(i) in relation to a Transfer of cash or other property (other than securities) under this Annex, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place where the relevant account is located and, if different, in the principal financial center, if any, of the currency of such payment;
(ii) in relation to a Transfer of securities under this Annex, a day on which the clearance system agreed between the parties for delivery of the securities is open for the acceptance and execution of settlement instructions or, if delivery of the securities is contemplated by other means, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place(s) agreed between the parties for this purpose;
(iii) in relation to the Resolution Time, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in at least one Valuation Date Location for Party A and at least one Valuation Date Location for Party B; and
(iv) in relation to any notice or other communication under this Annex, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the place specified in the address for notice most recently provided by the recipient.
12 	   	 1SDA 2002
" Minimum Transfer Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13; if no amount is specified, zero.
" Notification Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.
" Obligations" means, with respect to a party, all present and future obligations of that party under this Agreement and any additional obligations specified for that party in Paragraph 13.
" Other CSA" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, any other credit support annex or credit support deed that is in relation to, or that is a Credit Support Document in relation to, this Agreement.
" Other CSA Excluded Credit Support" means, with respect to an Other CSA, any amounts and items posted as margin under such Other CSA, which, pursuant to the terms of such Other CSA, Party A and Party B have agreed must be segregated in an account maintained by a third-party custodian or for which offsets are prohibited.
" Other Eligible Support (VM)" means, with respect to a party, the items, if any, specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13.
" Other Posted Support (VM)" means all Other Eligible Support (VM) Transferred to the Secured Party that remains in effect for the benefit of that Secured Party.
" Pledgor" means either party, when that party (i) receives a demand for or is required to Transfer Eligible Credit Support (VM) under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) has Transferred Eligible Credit Support (VM) under Paragraph 3(a).
" Posted Collateral (VM)" means all Eligible Collateral (VM), other property, Distributions, and all proceeds thereof that have been Transferred to or received by the Secured Party under this Annex and not Transferred to the Pledgor pursuant to Paragraph 3(b), 4(d)(ii), 6(d)(i) or 11(h) or released by the Secured Party under Paragraph 8. With respect to any Interest Amount (VM) in respect of any Interest Payment (VM) or relevant part thereof not Transferred pursuant to Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(A) or Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(B), as applicable, if such Interest Amount (VM) is a positive number, such Interest Amount (VM) will constitute Posted Collateral (VM) in the form of Cash in the Base Currency.
" Posted Credit Support (VM)" means Posted Collateral (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM).
" Recalculation Date" means the Valuation Date that gives rise to the dispute under Paragraph 5; provided, however, that if a subsequent Valuation Date occurs under Paragraph 3 prior to the resolution of the dispute, then the "Recalculation Date" means the most recent Valuation Date under Paragraph 3.
" Regular Settlement Day," means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the same Local Business Day on which a demand for the Transfer of Eligible Credit Support (VM) or Posted Credit Support (VM) is made.
" Resolution Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.
" Return Amount (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b).
" Return Amount Reduction (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(A)(11).
" Secured Party" means either party, when that party (i) makes a demand for or is entitled to receive Eligible Credit Support (VM) under Paragraph 3(a) or (ii) holds or is deemed to hold Posted Credit Support (VM).
" Set-off" means set-off, offset, combination of accounts, right of retention or withholding or similar right or requirement (whether arising under this Agreement, another contract, applicable law or otherwise) and, when used as a verb, the exercise of any such right or the imposition of any such requirement.
" Specified Condition" means, with respect to a party, any event specified as such for that party in Paragraph 13. _" Substitute Credit Support (VM)" _has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(i).
" Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).
" Total Ineligibility Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g) unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13.
13 	   	 1SDA 2002
" Transfer" means, with respect to any Eligible Credit Support (VM), Posted Credit Support (VM) or Interest Payment (VM), and in accordance with the instructions of the Secured Party, Pledgor or Custodian (VM), as applicable:
(i) in the case of Cash, payment or delivery by wire transfer into one or more bank accounts specified by the recipient;
(ii) in the case of certificated securities that cannot be paid or delivered by book-entry, payment or delivery in appropriate physical form to the recipient or its account accompanied by any duly executed instruments of transfer, assignments in blank, transfer tax stamps and any other documents necessary to constitute a legally valid transfer to the recipient;
(iii) in the case of securities that can be paid or delivered by book-entry, causing the relevant depository institution(s) or other securities intermediaries to make changes to their books and records sufficient to result in a legally effective transfer of the relevant interest to the recipient or its agent; and
(iv) in the case of Other Eligible Support (VM) or Other Posted Support (VM), as specified in Paragraph 13.
" Transfer Ineligibility Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g) unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13.
" Valuation Agent" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.
" Valuation Date" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, each day from, and including, the date Of this Annex, that is a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in at least one Valuation Date Location for Party A and at least one Valuation Date Location for Party B.
" Valuation Date Location" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 13.
" Valuation Percentage" means, for any item of Eligible Collateral (VM), the percentage specified as such in Paragraph 13.
" Valuation Time" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, the time as of which the Valuation Agent computes its end of day valuations of derivatives transactions in the ordinary course of its business (or such other commercially reasonable convenient time on the relevant day as the Valuation Agent may determine).
" Value" means for any Valuation Date or other date for which Value is calculated and subject to Paragraph 5 in the case of a dispute, with respect to:
(i) Eligible Collateral (VM) or Posted Collateral (VM) that is:
(A) an amount of Cash, the Base Currency Equivalent of such amount multiplied by (VP-- HFx); and
(B) a security, the Base Currency Equivalent of the bid price obtained by the Valuation Agent multiplied by (VP -- Hrx), where:
VP equals the applicable Valuation Percentage; and
HFx equals the applicable FX Haircut Percentage;
(ii) Posted Collateral (VM) that consists of items that are not Eligible Collateral (VM) (including any item or any portion of any item that fails to satisfy any (A) Credit Support Eligibility Condition (VM) applicable to it or
(B) applicable Legal Eligibility Requirements), zero; and
(iii) Other Eligible Support (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM), as specified in Paragraph 13.
14 	   	 1SDA 2002
2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM)
to the Schedule to the
ISDA Master Agreement dated July  12, 2017
between
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A. 	    	 and 	    	 SECOR MASTER FUND L.P.
( "Party A") 	    	  	    	 ( "Party B")
This Annex supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the above-referenced ISDA Master Agreement (the " Agreement"), is part of its Schedule and is a Credit Support Document under this Agreement with respect to each party.
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:
Paragraphs 1 -- 12 of the ISDA 2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM) (ISDA Agreement Subject to New York Law) published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. are hereby incorporated by reference and made a part hereof.
Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables
(a) 	  Base Currency and Eligible Currency.
(i) 	  " Base Currency" means United States Dollars (U.S. $).
(ii) 	  " Eligible Currency" means United States Dollars (U.S. $).
(b) 	  Covered Transactions; Security Interest for Obligations; Exposure.
(i) 	  The term " Covered Transactions" as used in this Annex includes all Transactions (other than Spot FX Transactions).
"Spot FX Transaction" means any "FX Transaction" as defined in the ISDA 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions") with a Settlement Date (as defined in the FX Definitions which is on or before the second Local Business Day following the day on which the parties entered into such FX Transaction and which is not subject to a requirement to collect or post variation margin under applicable law.
(ii) 	  The term " Obligations" as used in this Annex includes the following additional obligations: None specified
(iii) 	  " Exposure" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12.
(c) 	  Credit Support Obligations.
(i) 	  Delivery Amount (VM) and Return Amount (VM).
(A) 	  " Delivery Amount (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a).
(B) 	  " Return Amount (VM)" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b).
(ii) 	  Eligible Collateral (VM). The following items will qualify as "Eligible Collateral" provided that the non-cash items below (if any) shall only qualify as Eligible Collateral if they are, on the relevant Valuation Date, rated at least AA by Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or at least Aa2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (such requirement, the " Ratings Condition"), but only to the extent that such Ratings Condition requires a higher minimum rating than any minimum ratings requirement applicable to the Eligible Collateral identified below under applicable law.
ISDA COLLATERAL ASSET DEFINITION (ICAD) CODE 	    	  REMAINING MATURITY 	    	 VALUATION PERCENTAGE US-CASH 	    	  Not applicable 	    	   	 100 	 % US-TBILL / US-TNOTE / 	    	  Less than 1 year 	    	   	 99.5 	 % US-TBOND / US-TIPS 	    	  From 1 year, up to and including 5 years 	    	   	 98 	 % More than 5 years, up to and including 10 years 	    	   	 96 	 % More than 10 years, less than 30 years 	    	   	 96 	 % US-STRIP 	    	  All' 	    	   	 92 	 %
The definitions used in this table are taken from the ISDA publication "Collateral Asset Definitions" (First Edition --June 2003) and are hereby incorporated by reference.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in the event that no current market price from a generally recognized publicly available pricing source can be obtained for a security that otherwise constitutes Eligible Collateral, such security shall no longer constitute Eligible Collateral hereunder.
If at any time the Valuation Percentage assigned to an item of Eligible Collateral with respect to a party (as the Pledgor) under this Annex is.
greater than the maximum permitted valuation percentage for such item of collateral under any law requiring the collection of variation margin applicable to the other party (as the Secured Party), then the Valuation Percentage with respect to such item of Eligible Collateral and such party will be such maximum permitted valuation percentage. Such maximum permitted valuation percentage will be the applicable Valuation Percentage for the affected items with effect from the fifth Local Business Day following the date of delivery of a written notice by a party (a " VP Adjustment Notice") which: (a) specifies the relevant law requiring such maximum permitted valuation percentage; and (b) identifies the relevant affected items and, if applicable, describes the reason why such item falls within such law. To the extent relevant, such VP Adjustment Notice may break an item type into sub- categories and identify the related maximum permitted valuation percentages if lower than the assigned percentage.
(iii) 	  Legally Ineligible Credit Support (VM). The provisions of Paragraph 11(g) will apply to both parties:
(A) 	  " Total Ineligibility Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g) unless otherwise specified here: Not specified.
(B) 	  " Transfer Ineligibility Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g) unless otherwise specified here: Not specified.
(iv) 	  Credit Support Eligibility Conditions (VM). None applicable.
(v) 	  " Valuation Percentage"; "FX Haircut Percentage"
(A) 	  " Valuation Percentage". The Valuation Percentage for either party (as the Pledgor) and any item of Eligible Collateral (VM) will be the valuation percentage for such item as set forth in Paragraph 13(c)(ii), " Eligible Collateral (VM)".
(B) 	  " FX Haircut Percentage". The FX Haircut Percentage for either party (as the Pledger) and any item of Eligible Collateral (VM) will be zero.
(vi) 	  Other Eligible Support (VM). The following items will qualify as " Other Eligible Support (VM)" for the party specified (as the Pledgor): None specified.
(vii) 	  Minimum Transfer Amount.
(A) 	  " Minimum Transfer Amount" means with respect to Party A and Party B: US$250,000, provided, however, that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to a party, the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero.
(B) 	  Rounding.
(1) 	  the Delivery Amount (VM) will be rounded up to the nearest integral multiple of 10,000 units of the Base Currency; and
(2) 	  the Return Amount (VM) will be rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of 10,000 units of the Base Currency.
(viii) 	  Transfer Timing. "Regular Settlement Day" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12, unless otherwise specified here: Not specified.
(d) 	  Valuation and Timing.
(i)	  " Valuation Agent" means:
(A) for purposes of Paragraphs 3 and 5, the party making the demand under Paragraph 3 in respect of the applicable Valuation Date unless there has occurred and is continuing any Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Additional Termination Event with respect to such party, in which case the other party shall be the Valuation Agent provided, however, that in the event that
both parties are making a demand under Paragraph 3 in respect of any Valuation Date (t);
(1) 	  if on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1) only one party made a demand under Paragraph 3 the Valuation Agent in respect of that Valuation Date (t) shall be the party which was the Valuation Agent on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1);
(2) 	  if on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1) both parties made a demand under Paragraph 3 the Valuation Agent in respect of that Valuation Date (t) shall be the party which was not the Valuation Agent on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1); and
(3) 	  if there is no immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1), the Valuation Agent in respect of that Valuation Date (t) shall be Party A (or if none, the first named party in the Agreement).
(B) 	  for purposes of Paragraph 6(d), the Secured Party as defined therein.
(ii) 	  " Valuation Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12.
For purposes of determining the Valuation Date and clause (iii) of the definition of "Local Business Day" in Paragraph 12, _" Valuation Date Location" _means, with respect to each party, each city, region, or country specified below:
Party 	  A: New York
Party 	  B: New York
(iii) 	  " Valuation Time" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12.
(iv) 	  " Notification Time" means 10:00 a.m., New York time, on a Local Business Day.
(v) 	  Events of Default.
Paragraph 7(i) of this Annex is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: "(i) that party fails (or fails to cause its Custodian (VM)) to make, when due, any Transfer of Eligible Collateral (VM), Posted Collateral (VM), or the Interest Payment (VM), as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure continues until the close of business on the Local Business Day after the day upon which such Transfer was due." Paragraph 7(ii) and (iii) of this Annex are hereby amended by replacing the words "five Local Business Days" and "30 days," respectively, with the words "3 Local Business Days" and "10 days," respectively.
(e) 	  Conditions Precedent and Secured Party 's Rights and Remedies.
(i) 	  The provisions of Paragraph 4(a) will apply.
(ii) 	  If the provisions of Paragraph 4(a) are applicable, the following Termination Event(s) will be a " Specified Condition" for the party specified (that party being the Affected Party if the Termination Event occurs with respect to that party): With respect to Party A, any
Additional Termination Event and with respect to Party B, any Additional Termination Event.
(f) 	  Substitution.
(i) 	  " Substitution Date" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).
(ii) 	  Consent. If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must obtain the Secured Party's consent for any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d): Inapplicable
(g) 	  Dispute Resolution.
(i) 	  " Resolution Time" means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local Business Day following the date on which the notice is given that gives rise to a dispute under Paragraph 5.
(ii) 	  Value. For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(iv)(A)(3) and 5(iv)(B), the Value of Posted Credit Support (VM) will be calculated as follows:
(A) The Value of USD-CASH will be the face amount thereof; and
(B) with respect to any Eligible Collateral other than US-CASH, the sum of (I)
(x) the mean of the high bid and low asked prices quoted on such date by two principal market makers for such Eligible Collateral chosen by the Disputing Party, or (y) if no quotations are available from two principal market makers for such date, the mean of such high bid and low asked prices as of the first day prior to such date on which such quotations were available, plus (II) the accrued interest on such Eligible Collateral (except to the extent Transferred to a party pursuant to any applicable provision of this Agreement or included in the applicable price referred to in (I) of this provision) as of such date.
(iii) 	  Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply.
(h) 	  Holding and Using Posted Collateral (VM).
(i) 	  Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral (VM). Party A will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral (VM) itself or through its Custodian (VM) pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions applicable to it are satisfied:
(A) 	  Party A is not a Defaulting Party.
(B) 	  The Custodian is a Bank (as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) which is unaffiliated with Party A, organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, having assets of at least USD10 billion and whose rating with respect to its long term unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness is at least A-by S&P or A3 by Moody's.
Party B will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral (VM) itself or through its Custodian (VM) pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions applicable to it are satisfied:
(A) Party B is not a Defaulting Party.
(B) The Custodian is a Bank (as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) which is unaffiliated with Party B, organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, having assets of at least USD10 billion and whose rating with respect to its long term unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness is at least A-by S&P or A3 by Moody's.
As used herein:
"Moody's" shall mean Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or its successor.
"S&P" shall mean S&P Global Ratings, acting through Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC, or its successor.
(ii) 	  Use of Posted Collateral (VM). The provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will apply to both parties.
Distributions and Interest Payment (VM).
(i) Interest Rate (VM). The " Interest Rate (VM)" in relation to each Eligible Currency specified below will be:
Eligible  Currency 	    	 Interest  Rate (VM) 	    	 A/365  Currency USD 	    	 Fed Funds 	    	 No
For purposes of the foregoing:
" Fed Funds" means for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to the rate published as the Federal Funds Effective Rate that appears on Reuters Page FEDM or on Bloomberg Page FEDLO1 for such day, or as published in another source mutually agreed by the parties.
(ii) 	  Transfer of Interest Payment (VM) or Application of Interest Amount (VM).
Interest Transfer: Applicable.
For the purposes of Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(A), the Transfer of an Interest Payment (VM) by the interest Payer (VM) will be made on or prior to the third Local Business Day of each calendar month.
Interest Payment Netting: Not Applicable.
Interest Adjustment: Not Applicable.
The definition of "Interest Period" set out in Paragraph 12 of this Annex shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
" Interest Period" means each calendar month, provided that (i) if this Annex is not entered into on the first day of a calendar month, the first interest period will be the period from (and including) the day on which this Annex is entered into to (and including) the last day of such calendar month and (ii) if an Early Termination Date has been designated or deemed to occur in relation to a party, the Interest Period shall mean the period from (and including) the first
day of the calendar month in which such Early Termination Date occurred to (but excluding) such Early Termination Date.
(iii) 	  Other Interest Elections.
Negative Interest: Applicable.
Daily Interest Compounding: Not Applicable.
(iv) 	  Alternative to Interest Amount (VM) and Interest Payment (VM). Not specified Credit Support Offsets. Not Applicable.
(k) 	  Additional Representation(s). None specified.
(I) 	  Other Eligible Support (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM).
(i) 	  " Value" with respect to Other Eligible Support (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM) means: Not applicable.
(ii) 	  " Transfer" with respect to Other Eligible Support (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM) means: Not applicable.
(m} 	  Demands and Notices.
(i) 	  All demands, specifications and notices under this Annex will be made pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified here:
With respect to Party A:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
JPM Collateral Services
500 Stanton Christiana Road
NCC5/FL1 DE3-4184
Newark, Delaware 19713
Group Telephone No.: (302) 634-4607
Facsimile No.: (302) 552-6930
Email: collateral services@jpmorgan.com
Party B:
SECOR Master Fund L.P.
c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC
522 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York 10036
Attention: Patrick Egan
Email: Patrick.egan@morganstanley.com
(n) 	  Addresses for Transfers.
Party A: As advised from time to time.
Party B: As advised from time to time.
(o) 	  Other CSA. None.
(p) 	  SFTR Information Statement. Party A provides to Party B the "Information Statement in accordance with Article 15 of the Securities Financing Transactions Regulation" attached hereto as Exhibit A.
(q) 	  Other Provisions.
(i) 	  Initial Returned Posted Credit Support. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Annex, the Secured Party may satisfy its obligation to Transfer a Return Amount (VM) in accordance with Paragraph 3(b) by Transferring any Eligible Collateral (VM) or, if Eligible Collateral (VM) does not include Cash, any Eligible Collateral (VM) or Cash, to the Pledgor (the " Initial Returned Posted Credit Support"); provided, that, no later than the relevant Return Date, (1) the Secured Party Transfers to the Pledgor the Posted Credit Support (VM) specified by the Pledgor in its demand for a Return Amount (VM) (a " Return Request") and (2) the Pledgor Transfers to the Secured Party the Initial Returned Posted Credit Support plus interest on the Cash included in the Initial Returned Posted Credit Support, if any, at the Interest Rate (VM). For purposes hereof, " Return Date" means (x) if the relevant Return Request was received by the Secured Party by the Notification Time on a Local Business Day, the close of business on the next Local Business Day and (y) if the relevant Return Request was received by the Secured Party after the Notification Time on a Local Business Day, the close of business on the second Local Business Day thereafter.
(ii) 	  Independent Amounts. The following amendments are made to this Annex in order to provide for the inclusion of independent amount margin:
The phrase "and Independent Amounts (IA)" is added to the title to the Annex such that the title of the Annex reads in its entirety: "2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM) and Independent Amounts (IA)".
Each instance of "(VM)" in the Annex is replaced with "(VM)/(IA)"
Paragraph 1(c) of the Annex is hereby replaced with the following:.
"(c) Scope of this Annex and the Other CSA. The only Transactions which will be relevant for the purposes of determining a "Credit Support Amount (VM/IA)" under this Annex will be the Covered Transactions specified in Paragraph 13. Each Other CSA, if any, is hereby amended such that the Transactions that will be relevant for purposes of determining "Exposure" or, unless otherwise provided in Paragraph 13, any "Independent Amount" thereunder, if any, will exclude the Covered Transactions. Except as provided in Paragraphs 8(a), 8(b) and 11(j), nothing in this Annex will affect the rights and obligations, if any, of either party with respect to initial margin not designated as an "Independent
Amount" under each Other CSA, if any, with respect to Transactions that are Covered Transactions."
Paragraph 3(a)(i) is deleted and replaced with "the Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA)" and Paragraph 3(b)(ii) is deleted and replaced with "the Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA)".
Paragraph 12 of the Annex is hereby further amended by adding the following defined terms thereto in alphabetical order:
" Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA)" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, for any Valuation Date (i) the Secured Party's Exposure for that Valuation Date plus (ii) the aggregate of all Independent Amounts applicable to the Pledgor, if any, minus (iii) all Independent Amounts applicable to the Secured Party, if any; provided, however, that the Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA) will be deemed to be zero whenever the calculation of Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA) yields a number less than zero.
" Independent Amount" means, with respect to a party, the amount specified for that party in Paragraph 13, or if no amount is specified, zero.
(iii) 	  (A) "Independent Amount" shall not apply to Party A for purposes of this Annex.
"Independent Amount" means, with respect to Party B in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A equal to the sum of the Transaction Independent Amounts.
"Transaction Independent Amount" means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A as follows:
(i) in respect of any Transaction outstanding as of such Valuation Date evidenced by a Confirmation that sets forth an Independent Amount (an "IA Transaction"), such Independent Amount;
(ii) in respect of In Scope Transactions (as defined below) outstanding as of such Valuation Date, an amount equal to the product of (a) the greater of (1) the product of the Risk Determination (as defined below) times the Risk Multiplier (as defined below) and (2) the Stress-Based Independent Amount (as defined below) times (b) the Portfolio Multiplier (as defined below); and
(iii) in respect of each Transaction that is neither an In Scope Transaction nor an IA Transaction (an "Out of Scope Transaction"), an amount equal to the product of the notional principal amount (as determined as set forth below) of such Out of Scope Transaction multiplied by the percentage set forth below opposite the relevant type of Out of Scope Transaction in the following grid:
Transaction Type 	    	 Percentage
(1) Fixed income products (including swaps, swaptions, caps, floors, collars, and forward rate agreements) and total return swaps on Instruments other than high yield and convertible bonds, in each case involving only Developed Market Currencies (as defined below) 	    	   	 5 	 %
(2) Mortgage-backed swaps involving only Developed Market Currencies 	    	   	 30 	 %
(3) Fixed income products (including swaps, swaptions, caps, floors, collars, and forward rate agreements) and total return swaps on instruments other than high yield and convertible bonds, in each case involving an Emerging Market Currency (as defined below) 	    	   	 30 	 %
(4) Total return swaps on equities, equity indices, high yield and convertible bonds, and equity options 	    	   	 25 	 %
(5) FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving only Developed Market Currencies 	    	   	 5 	 %
(6) FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving an Emerging Market Currency 	    	   	 20 	 %
(7) Commodity swaps, options, and forwards (other than Out of Scope Transactions involving an energy Commodity) 	    	   	 30 	 %
(8) Credit derivatives, including credit default swaps and credit spread options 	    	   	 20 	 %
(9) Any other transactions not listed here 	    	   	 As  agreed
In respect of the foregoing, if there is a Notional Amount set forth in the Confirmation evidencing an Out of Scope Transaction, the notional principal amount will be such Notional Amount. If there is no Notional Amount set forth in the Confirmation evidencing an Out of Scope Transaction, Party A shall determine the notional principal amount of such Out of Scope Transaction, subject to the following:
(i) if such Out of Scope Transaction is an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction, the Transaction Independent Amount shall be based on the USD amount involved in such Out of Scope Transaction (provided, however, that if there is no USD amount involved in such Out of Scope Transaction, then on the USD equivalent, as determined by Party A, of the amount payable to Party A under such Out of Scope Transaction at such time or thereafter; and provided, further, that, for this purpose, all such Out of Scope Transactions will be treated as Deliverable and the amount payable to Party A in respect of each Currency Option Transaction will be determined on the basis that such Currency Option Transaction will be exercised),
(ii) if such Out of Scope Transaction is an equity Option Transaction, the Transaction Independent Amount shall be based on the product of the Strike Price times the Option Entitlement (if any) times the Number of Options of such Out of Scope Transaction, and
(iii) if such Out of Scope Transaction involves a Commodity (other than an energy Commodity), the Transaction Independent Amount shall be based on an amount equal to the product of the highest Notional Quantity for a Calculation Period (or if there is only one Calculation Period, the Total Notional Quantity) times the Specified Price on the Trade Date of such Out of Scope Transaction (provided, however, that if such Out of Scope Transaction involves an energy Commodity, the Transaction Independent Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of (a) the total notional principal amount of such Out of Scope Transaction (the Total Notional Quantity or other similar quantity definition denominating the entire quantity for the term of
such Out of Scope Transaction) times (b) the fixed price (or contract price or other similar pricing definition for the price of the Commodity subject to such Out of Scope Transaction as of the Trade Date) times (c) 15%).
If any Out of Scope Transaction involves more than one Notional Amount, the higher value will apply for purposes of this calculation. If in any case the relevant amount is not expressed in USD, the USD equivalent thereof, as determined by Party A, shall be applicable for the purposes of determining the Transaction Independent Amount with respect to Out of Scope Transactions.
(Terms used in subsections (i), (ii), and (iii) immediately above without definition herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Confirmation of the relevant Out of Scope Transaction.)
"Currency Stress Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A representing the greatest potential loss to Party B in respect of in Scope Transactions resulting from the application of one or more risk scenarios formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which scenarios are based on, among other things, changes to the valuations of certain currencies or groups of currencies.
"Developed Market Country" means a country designated as such from time to time by Party A in its discretion (it being agreed that Party A may from time to time change any such designation of a country).
"Developed Market Currencies" means any currencies (individually, a "Developed Market Currency") designated as such from time to time by Party A in its discretion (it being agreed that Party A may from time to time change any such designation of a currency and that the Transaction Independent Amount may change as a result thereof (including, without limitation, as a result of a currency then falling within the application of one or more different risk scenarios)).
"Emerging Market Country" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, any country that is not a Developed Market Country.
"Emerging Market Currency" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, any currency that is not a Developed Market Currency.
"In Scope Transaction" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, (i) each Plain Vanilla (as defined below) Transaction that is a forward FX Transaction, Currency Option Transaction relating (y) solely to a Developed Market Currency or floating rate of a Developed Market Country or (z) to an Emerging Market Currency or floating rate of an Emerging Market Country that Party A includes as an In Scope Transaction in either case in its discretion, (ii) each Plain Vanilla (as defined below) Transaction that is a Bullion Trade or a Bullion Option (as defined in the 2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions) that Party A includes as an In Scope Transaction in its discretion, and (iii) each other Transaction that Party A determines in its discretion constitutes an In Scope Transaction; provided, however, that IA Transactions entered into on or after the date of this Agreement will not be In Scope Transactions. "Plain Vanilla" means a Transaction whose material terms are those set forth in the applicable form of Confirmation for that type of Transaction set forth in an exhibit to the definition booklet published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. that applies to that type of Transaction; provided that such Transaction may be confirmed using such form of Confirmation without substantive change; and
provided, further, that a Transaction that has material terms set forth in the exhibits to the 2005 Supplement to the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions will not be considered Plain Vanilla.
"Interest Rate Stress Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A representing the greatest potential loss to Party B in respect of In Scope Transactions resulting from the application of one or more risk scenarios formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which scenarios are based on, among other things, changes in the interest rates of certain countries or groups of countries.
"Liquidation Cost" means, as of the Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A by applying one or more shock factors to In Scope Transactions formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which such shock factors are based on, among other things, changes in the liquidity of the relevant currency.
"Pegged Currency" means a currency selected by Party A whose value Party A determines is pegged to another currency or Party A determines is not otherwise freely floating (it being agreed that Party A may from time to time change any such designation of a currency).
"Pegged Currency Add-on" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount equal to the sum of the Greatest Negative Nets (as defined below) in respect of all Pegged Currencies determined by Party A resulting from positions of Party B in each Pegged Currency arising under In Scope Transactions (which positions have, in the determination of Party A, currency sensitivity) being shocked in a manner determined by Party A, the resulting potential gains (expressed as a positive number) and losses (expressed as a negative number) to Party B in respect of each such Pegged Currency within each shocking factor being. netted against each other, and the negative net amount, if any, representing the highest potential loss to Party B in respect of the shocking factors applied to such Pegged Currency being determined by Party A (in respect of any Pegged Currency, the "Greatest Negative Net").
"Portfolio Multiplier" means 1; provided, however, that Party A may amend the Portfolio Multiplier from time to time by notice to Party B.
"Risk Determination" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A in respect of In Scope Transactions using such methodology and factors as it determines in its discretion to be appropriate as of such day; provided, however, that such amount will be determined by Party A as follows until such time as Party A notifies Party B that Party A will be using a different methodology and/or factors: an amount equal to Party A's value at risk for a period of ten days in respect of all In Scope Transactions outstanding as of the relevant day, as determined by Party A as of such day based on a statistical confidence level of 99% using two years of historical data.
"Risk Multiplier" means 1; provided, however, that Party A may amend the Risk Multiplier from time to time by notice to Party B.
"Stress-Based Independent Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A in respect of In Scope Transactions equal to the sum of (i) the Pegged Currency Add-on plus (ii) the Currency Stress Amount plus (iii) the Interest Rate Stress Amount plus (iv) the Volatility Stress Amount plus (v) the Tenor Based Liquidation Add-on.
"Tenor Based Liquidation Add-on" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date for In Scope Transactions with a tenor greater than 12 months from the trade date, an amount calculated by Party A by: (I) determining the net Liquidation Cost amount for each currency by summing the Liquidation Costs for all In Scope Transactions of such currency, and (ii) aggregating the absolute value of the amounts determined under (i).
"Volatility Stress Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A representing the greatest potential loss to Party B in respect of In Scope Transactions resulting from the application of one or more risk scenarios formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which scenarios are based on, among other things, changes in the volatilities of options related to certain currencies or groups of currencies.
Party A has provided to Party B descriptions of the risk scenarios that Party A may use, in its discretion, to determine the Currency Stress Amount, the Interest Rate Stress Amount, and the Volatility Stress Amount. Party A may modify or change such risk scenarios from time to time by notice to Party B.
[Signature Page Follows]
Please confirm your agreement to the terms of the foregoing Paragraph 13 by signing below.
