SCHEDULE
to the
2002 Master Agreement
dated as of ...................[tbd].....................
between
Norddeutsche Landesbank \- Girozentrale -   ( "Party A")   a credit institution incorporated under public law in Germany 	 and 	  ACY [1900X] LIMITED   ( "Party B")   a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England
Preamble.
All Transactions governed by this Agreement shall be derivative transactions entered into between Party A and Party B in respect of the credit agreement dated on or about the date of this Agreement, up to an amount of $47,000,000 and made between, inter alios , Party B as Borrower and Party A as Swap Counterparty, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, extended, supplemented, replaced, refinanced, renewed, refunded or modified from time to time (the "Facility Agreement ").This Agreement is subject to the terms and provisions of the Facility Agreement and the parties will exercise their rights and obligations hereunder accordingly. This Agreement and any Transaction entered into hereunder each constitute a Hedging Agreement in terms of the Facility Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the Facility Agreement and this Agreement, the Facility Agreement shall prevail. Capitalised terms not otherwise defined in this Agreement shall have the meaning given to them in the Facility Agreement unless the context requires otherwise.
Each party acknowledges and agrees that no Transaction may be entered into under this Agreement other than for the purpose of hedging the liabilities of Party B under the Facility Agreement.
Part 1.
Termination Provisions.
(a)	 "Specified Entity " means in relation to the Parties: Not Applicable.
(b)	 "Specified Transaction " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c)	 The " Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
29
(d)	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(e)	 The "Automatic Early Termination " provisions of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(f)	 "Termination Currency " means the freely available and transferable currency selected by the Non-Affected Party or the Non-Defaulting Party, as the case may be, or, if there are two Affected Parties, by agreement between the parties, provided, however, that the Termination Currency shall be one of the currencies in which payments are required to be made under the relevant Transactions. If such currency is not freely available or failing a mutual agreement, the Termination Currency shall be US-Dollars.
(g)	 Additional Termination Event will apply.
The following will each constitute an Additional Termination Event:
(i)	 Facility Agreement - no outstanding liabilities. All outstanding liabilities under the Facility Agreement are irrevocably cancelled, repaid or prepaid in full, or have expired, terminated or otherwise ceased to be in full force and effect, including by way of refinancing, in each case whether or not prior to its scheduled maturity. Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and all Transactions shall be Affected Transactions.
(ii)	 Facility Agreement - acceleration . Subject to the Mortgagor´s rights with respect to a Remarketing Period and any right to cure (or actual cure of) an Event of Default, the Mortgagee declaring the Loan Certificates to be due and payable and taking any of the steps in Section 4.04 of the Security Agreement. Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and all Transactions then outstanding shall be Affected Transactions.
(iii)	 Overhedging. At any time following a partial repayment, prepayment and/or cancellation of the Advance, the Aggregate Hedging Amount exceeds the Hedging Limit Amount.
Where "Aggregate Hedging Amount " means the aggregate of the notional amount(s) of the Transactions under this Agreement and
"Hedging Limit Amount " means an amount which is equal to 100% of the Loan following such prepayment, repayment or cancellation.
This Additional Termination Event shall be deemed to occur only in respect of the Transaction(s) or portions of Transactions corresponding to the amount by which the Aggregate Hedging Amount exceeds the Hedging Limit Amount, and such Transaction(s) or portion of Transactions shall be the Affected Transaction(s) and Party B will be the sole Affected Party.
Party B shall, where reasonably practicable, give prior written notice to Party A of any future prepayment of the Loan (whether in whole or part) promptly upon becoming aware that such prepayment will or is reasonably likely to occur, specifying the intended date and amount of such prepayment.
(iv)	 Permanent discontinuation of LIBOR. If LIBOR is permanently discontinued without an adequate replacement falling within the definition of "Screen Rate"or other replacement being agreed between the Parties. For the purpose of this Additional Termination Event, Party A and Party B will both be Affected Parties and all Transactions will be Affected Transactions.
30
Part 2.
Tax Representations.
(a)	 Payer Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on:
(i)	 the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement;
(ii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement; and
(iii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this
Agreement,
except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	 _Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act._ "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of the ISDA Master Agreement shall not include any U.S.
federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code "), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax "). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
(c)	 Payee Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B make no representations the following representations:
(i)	 Party A is a credit institution incorporated under public law in Germany
(ii)	 Party B is a limited liability company incorporated under the laws of England
31
Part 3.
Agreement to Deliver Documents.
For the purpose of Sections 4 (a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(a)	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
Party  required to deliver  document 	   	 Form  / Document / Certificate 	   	 Date  by which to be delivered 	   	 Covered  by Section 3(d)Representation?
Party A and Party B 	   	 Any form or document, accurately completed and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the other party, that may be required or reasonably requested in writing in order to allow the other party to make payments under this Agreement, including any Credit Support Document, without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax or with such a deduction or withholding at a reduced rate. 	   	 Promptly upon request of the other party.  	   	 No
(b)	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party  required to deliver  document 	   	 Form/Document/Certificate 	   	 Date  by which to be delivered 	   	 Covered  by Section 3(d)Representation?
Party B 	   	  Certified copies of all documents evidencing necessary corporate and other authorizations and approvals with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, any Confirmation and any Credit Support Document 	   	 The date of execution of this Agreement 	   	 Yes
32
_Party  required to deliver document 	   	 Form/Document/Certificate 	   	 Date  by which to be_ delivered 	   	 Covered  by Section 3(d)Representation?
Party B   	   	  Legal opinion of a recognized law firm confirming that (i) Party B has the corporate power and capacity to validly enter into this Agreement (including due execution and valid existence), and (ii) that the choice of law provision in Sec. 13 of this Agreement is valid and enforceable with respect to Party B. 	   	 The date of execution of this Agreement 	   	 No Party B 	   	  Certified copies of each Credit Support Document and any amendments thereto 	   	 The date of execution of this Agreement 	   	 Yes Party B 	   	 Written notification of appointment of its Process Agent and evidence of the acceptance of such appointment by the Process Agent. 	   	 Upon execution of this Agreement and immediately upon any change in the Process Agent of Party B. 	   	 No Party B 	   	  Appropriate evidence to the satisfaction of the other Party, of the legal capacity of the Credit Support Provider, and the authority of its signatory or signatories to enter into the Credit Support Documents. 	   	  The date of execution of this Agreement. 	   	 Yes
All documents, if not in the English language, shall be accompanied by a free translation into the English language certified by an authorized officer of the party.
Each of Party B's obligations under the above table will be considered satisfied if the relevant documents and confirmations are provided to the Agent for Party A pursuant to the terms of the Facility Agreement to the Agent's reasonable satisfaction.
33
Part 4.
Miscellaneous.
(a)	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12 (a) of this Agreement:
(i)	 Address for notices or communications to Party A:
If not otherwise specified for in the relevant Confirmation:
Address for notices or communications to Party A when acting through its Head Office in Hannover or with regard to legal issues:
Address 	 : 	  Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale Friedrichswall 10, D-30159 Hannover Federal Republic of Germany Attention   	 : 	 Legal Department Email 	 :
Facsimile 	 :
(ii)	 Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	   	  c/o AeroCentury Corp. 1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310 Burlingame, CA 94010 Attention:  	   	 […]Chief Financial Officer Facsimile: 	   	 […]
(b)	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13 (c):
(i)	 Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Norddeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale, New York Branch, 1114 Avenue of the Americas, 20th Floor, New York, N.Y. 10036.
(ii)	 Party B appoints as its Process Agent: AeroCentury Corp., 1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310, Burlingame, CA 94010
With respect to Section 13(c) of this Agreement, the reference therein to Section 12(a)(iii) notwithstanding, no consent is given by either party to service of process by facsimile transmission.
(c)	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10 (a) will apply to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the only offices of Party A which are included in this Agreement are Party A's Head Office in Hannover and the branches in Part 4 (d) of this Agreement.
(d)	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10 (c):
Party A is not a Multibranch Party.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
34
(e)	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction but failure by Party A to perform its obligations hereunder shall not be construed as an Event of Default or a Termination Event but shall entitle the other party, upon notice to Party A, to designate a reputable and internationally recognizable third party bank or financial institution reasonably selected by such other party as a replacement Calculation Agent (the "Replacement Calculation Agent ") and upon such designation, the Replacement Calculation Agent shall be Calculation Agent for the purposes of the relevant Transaction accordingly. If an Event of Default occurs with respect to Party A, for so long as such event shall be continuing with respect to Party A, Party B may designate a Replacement Calculation Agent. If a calculation, determination or adjustment is disputed by the party which is not the Calculation Agent, the parties shall first endeavor to resolve such dispute. If the parties are unable to resolve such dispute within a commercially reasonable time, the parties shall mutually appoint a Replacement Calculation Agent with respect to the issue in dispute.
(f)	 Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:
(i) 	 Party A 	 - 	 Not Applicable (ii) 	 Party B 	 - 	 Each Security Document (as defined in the Facility Agreement) including any other document or provisions contained therein under which a guarantee, indemnity or security interest is provided for all or any of the obligations of Party B or any Credit Support Provider of Party B to Party A.
(g)	 Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means in relation to:
(i) 	 Party A 	 - 	 Not Applicable.
(ii) 	 Party B 	 - 	 Each provider of a Credit Support Document.
(h)	 Governing Law.
(i)	 This Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with it will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the state of New York without reference to the choice of law doctrine.
(ii)	 Section 13(b) is deleted and replaced with the following, to which the parties irrevocably submit:
(b) "Jurisdiction. The courts of the state of New York have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any non-contractual obligations connected with it (including a dispute regarding the existence, validity or termination of this Agreement) ("Proceedings ")."
(i)	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement.
(j)	 "Affiliate " shall have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k)	 Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c):
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A,             Not Applicable.
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B,             Not Applicable.
(l)	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(m)	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
35
(i) Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1)	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(2)	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3)	 Status of Parties . The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(ii) Eligible Contract Participant. Each party shall be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that it is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of the Commodity Exchange Act.
(iii) EMIR Representation. Party B will be deemed to represent to Party A on each date on which it enters into a Transaction that it is a "non- financial counterparty" (as such term is defined in Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012 ("EMIR ")) and it is not subject to a clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR in respect of such Transaction. If at any time Party B becomes subject to a clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR it shall notify Party A thereof as soon as is reasonably practicable.
(iv) Pari passu. Party B will be deemed to represent to Party A on each date on which it enters into a Transaction that its payment obligations under this Agreement will rank at least pari passu in all respects with all of Party B's other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations (except for those which are mandatorily preferred by the operation of law).
(vi) Non- "U.S. person" Representation.
(1)        Both parties represent to the other party and agree that this representation shall be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into that, as the relevant party reasonably believes, in respect of the Interpretive Guidance and Policy Statement Regarding Compliance With Certain Swap Regulations issued by the U.S.
Commodity Futures Trading Commission on 26 July 2013 (78 FR 45292) ("Interpretive Guidance") neither of the parties:
(A)       falls within any of the U.S. Person Categories and would not otherwise be deemed to be a "U.S. person" under the Interpretive Guidance; and/or
(B)       is an Affiliate Conduit under the Interpretive Guidance.
36
(2)        Both parties further represent to the other party and agree that this representation shall be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into that in respect of the Interpretive Guidance its obligations under this Agreement are not supported by any Guarantee (of which it is aware) other than any Guarantee provided by a person who the relevant party reasonably believes does not fall within any of the U.S. Person Categories and who the relevant party believes in good faith would not otherwise be deemed a U.S. person under the Interpretive Guidance.
(3)       Both parties further agree to notify each other immediately of any event or change in their status that causes any statement contained in this Agreement to be untrue in any respect.
"Affiliate Conduit" means:
(i)       a non-U.S. person which is a majority owned affiliate of a U.S.
person;
(ii)         a non-U.S. person which is controlling, controlled by or under common control with a U.S. person;
(iii)        a non U.S. person whose financial results are included in the consolidated financial statements of a U.S. person; and
(iv)       a non U.S. person who, in the regular course of business, engages in swaps with non-U.S. third-party(ies) for the purpose of hedging or mitigating risks faced by, or to take positions on behalf of, its U.S.
affiliate(s) and enters into offsetting swaps or other arrangements with its U.S. affiliate(s) in order to transfer the risks and benefits of such swaps with third party(ies) to its U.S. affiliates.
"Guarantee" means an agreement or arrangement under which a person commits to provide a financial backstop or funding against potential losses that may be incurred by another person in connection with a Swap.
"Swap" means a "swap" as defined in the Section 1a(47) of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission Regulation 1.3(xxx). The term "Swap" also includes any foreign exchange swaps and foreign exchange forwards that may be exempted from regulation as "swaps" by the Secretary of the Treasury pursuant to authority granted by Section 1a(47)(E) of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act.
"United States" or "U.S." means the United States, its states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, and any other territories or possessions of the United States government, or enclave of the United States government, its agencies or instrumentalities.
"U.S. Person Categories" means the enumerated categories of "U.S. persons" that are provided in the Interpretive Guidance and which are reproduced below:
(i)         any natural person who is a resident of the United States;
(ii)        any estate of a decedent who was a resident of the United States at the time of death;
(iii)       any corporation, partnership, limited liability company, business or other trust, association, joint-stock company, fund or any form of enterprise similar to any of the foregoing (other than an entity described in prongs (iv) or (v), below) (a "legal entity"), in each case that is organized or incorporated under the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States or having its principal place of business in the United States;
(iv)       any pension plan for the employees, officers or principals of a legal entity described in prong (iii), unless the pension plan is primarily for foreign employees of such entity;
(v)       any trust governed by the laws of a state or other jurisdiction in the United States, if a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust;
37
(vi)       any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is not described in prong (iii) and that is majority-owned by one or more persons described in prong (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v), except any commodity pool, pooled account, investment fund, or other collective investment vehicle that is publicly offered only to non-U.S.
persons and not offered to U.S. persons;
(vii)       any legal entity (other than a limited liability company, limited liability partnership or similar entity where all of the owners of the entity have limited liability) that is directly or indirectly majority-owned by one or more persons described in prong (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), or (v) and in which such person(s) bears unlimited responsibility for the obligations and liabilities of the legal entity; and
(viii)       any individual account or joint account (discretionary or not) where the beneficial owner (or one of the beneficial owners in the case of a joint account) is a person described in prong (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v), (vi), or (vii).
(n)	 Consent to Recording. The parties agree that each may electronically record all telephonic conversations between their trading and marketing personnel in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction and that any such tape recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings relating to the Agreement or any potential Transaction. In the event of any dispute between the parties as to the terms of any Transaction governed by this Agreement, the parties may, to the extent permitted by law, use the electronic recordings as the evidence of the terms of the Transaction, notwithstanding the existence of anything writing to the contrary.
38
Part 5.
Other Provisions.
(a)	 Amendment to Section 5(a)(i). Section 5(a)(i) ("_Failure to Pay or Deliver_ ") shall be amended by replacing the term "first Local Business Day" with the term "third Local Business Day".
(b)	 Amendment to Section 11 of the Agreement. Section 11 of this Agreement shall be amended (i) to include "or the Affected Party, in the case of the occurrence of an Additional Termination Event under Part 1(g) of this Agreement," after the words "A Defaulting Party" in line 1 thereof; and (ii) to include "or the Affected Party, as the case may be," after "Defaulting Party" in line 4 thereof.
(c)	 Early Termination Date. Section 6(a) shall be amended by:
(i)	 deleting the reference to "not more than 20 days" in the second line of Section 6 (a); and
(ii)	 inserting at the end of such section the following sentence: "If the Early Termination Date designated in such notice would fall on a date prior to the date on which such notice is effective, the Early Termination Date shall be deemed to be the date on which such notice is effective".
(d)	 _Disapplication of certain Events of Default and Termination Events_. Party A may not designate an early Termination Date as a consequence of the following Events of Defaults and Termination Events with respect to Party B without the written consent of the Agent:
Section 5(a)(ii) (Breach of Agreement; Repudiation of Agreement)
Section 5(a)(iii) (Credit Support Default)
Section 5(a)(iv) (Misrepresentation)
Section 5(a)(v) (Default under Specified Transaction)
Section 5(a)(vi) (Cross-Default)
Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy)
Section 5(a)(viii) (Merger without Assumption)
Section 5(b)(v) (Credit Event Upon Merger).
(e)	 Third Party Rights. The terms of this Agreement may be enforced only by a party to it or its successors and the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 is expressly excluded.
(f)	 Change of Account. Section 2(b) of this Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following at the end thereof: "provided that, if any new account of one party is not in the same jurisdiction as the original account, the other party shall not be obliged to pay, for tax reasons, any greater amount and shall not receive any lesser amount as a result of such change than would have been the case if such change had not taken place".
39
(g)	 Exchange of Confirmations and Timely Confirmations.
(i)	 Transactions will usually be entered into through binding oral agreements concluded over the telephone by authorized representatives of the parties. For each Transaction entered into hereunder, a Confirmation shall be sent by Party A to Party B as soon as reasonably practicable after the terms of the respective Transaction have been agreed upon. Party B agrees to respond to such Confirmation as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of the aforementioned Confirmation, either confirming agreement thereto or requesting a correction of any error(s) contained therein.
(ii)	 Section 9(e)(ii) is amended by:
(1)	 replacing the word "practicable" with the word "possible" in the third line thereof; and
(2)	 inserting "or by other method intended by the parties to be effective for the purpose of confirming or evidencing such Transaction" immediately before the words "which in each case will be sufficient".
(h)	 Conditions Precedent. The condition precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) does not apply to a payment or delivery owing by a party if the other party shall have satisfied in full all its payment or delivery obligations under Section 2(a)(i) or Section 9(h) of this Agreement, as applicable, and shall at the relevant time have no future payment or delivery obligations, whether absolute or contingent, under Section 2(a)(i) or Section 9(h), as applicable.
(i)	 Security. Notwithstanding Section 7, Party A hereby agrees and consents to the granting of security by Party B of its interests under this Agreement (and for the avoidance of doubt, without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any contractual netting or set-off provision contained in this Agreement) to the Security Agent.
(j)	 ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA Definitions "), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA ") and any other relevant definitions booklet published by or in conjunction with ISDA, as may be amended, supplemented or updated from time to time (together, the "Definitions ") are incorporated into this Agreement, each Transaction and each Confirmation. All terms appearing in a Confirmation with initial capital letters shall have the meaning set forth in the Definitions, unless otherwise defined in such Confirmation. Any amendments, supplements or updates to the Definitions shall be deemed to apply to Transactions entered into after the relevant publication date and the prior Definitions will be deemed superseded thereby, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Confirmation.
(k)	 Additional Agreements. Party B agrees, upon learning of the occurrence of any event which constitutes (or which with the giving of notice or passage of time or both would constitute) a Termination Event with respect to Party B, promptly to give Party A notice of such event or condition (or, in lieu of giving notice, to cause such event to cease to exist before becoming a Termination Event).
(l)	 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any party or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable (in whole or in part) for any reason, the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and conditions hereof shall continue in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with the invalid or unenforceable portion eliminated, so long this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intention of the parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement and deletion of such portion of this Agreement will not substantially impair the respective benefits or expectations of the parties to this Agreement. The parties hereto shall endeavour in good faith to conduct negotiations to replace the invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid provision, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that prohibited or unenforceable provision.
40
(m)	 Standard Form. The parties agree that it is their intention that the text of the ISDA Master Agreement conforms exactly to the text of the standard form of an 2002 ISDA Master Agreement as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "Standard Form ") except as set forth in this Schedule or as otherwise agreed between the parties in writing. In the event of any discrepancies between the Standard Form and the printed form signed between the parties, except as set forth in this Schedule or otherwise as agreed between the parties in writing, the Standard Form shall prevail.
(n)	 Conditions precedent to delivery of Credit Support Documents. For the purposes of Section 2(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary included in this Agreement, each obligation of Party A under this Agreement, including those set forth under Section 2(a)(i) with respect to each Transaction entered into pursuant hereto, is, where there is a Credit Support Document specified in this Agreement or in any Confirmation, subject to the condition precedent that Party A will have received all Credit Support Documents duly executed and in a form satisfactory to Party A.
(o)	 Amendment of Section 5 (b) (iii) of the Agreement. Section 5 (b) (iii) of the Agreement is amended by inserting after the words „...substantial likelihood..." in the fourth line thereof the words „as evidenced by a written opinion of an internal legal counsel of the Affected Party, which shall evaluate the „substantial likelihood" in reasonable detail and in good faith.
(p)	 LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NO PARTY SHALL BE REQUIRED TO PAY OR BE LIABLE FOR PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM ITS NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY) TO ANY OTHER PARTY; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT NOTHING IN THIS PROVISION SHALL AFFECT THE ENFORCEABILITY OF SECTION 6(e) OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OBLIGATION TO PAY ANY AMOUNT REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 6(e) OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF AND TO THE EXTENT ANY PAYMENT REQUIRED TO BE MADE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SUCH DAMAGES ARE DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE TO DETERMINE AND THAT SUCH PAYMENT IS INTENDED TO BE A REASONABLE APPROXIMATION OF THE AMOUNT OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOT A PENALTY.
(q)	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING INSTITUTED IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT IT HAS RECEIVED FULL AND SUFFICIENT CONSIDERATION FOR THIS PROVISION AND THAT THIS PROVISION IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT FOR THE OTHER PARTY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND EACH TRANSACTION.
(r)	 USA Patriot Act Notice. Party A hereby notifies Party B that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L.
107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "Act "), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Party B, which information includes the name and address of Party B and other information that will allow Party A to identify Party B in accordance with the Act.
(s)	 ERISA. Each party represents to the other on the date on which it enters into this Agreement and at all times thereafter that it is not (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA "), or a plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code, subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or a plan as so defined but which is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but which is subject to another law materially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each, an "ERISA Plan"), (ii) a person or entity acting on behalf of an ERISA Plan, or (iii) a person or entity the assets of which constitute assets of an ERISA Plan.
(t)	 Safe Harbors. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that:
(i)	 This Agreement, including any Credit Support Document, is a "swap agreement" and a "master netting agreement" as defined in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (the "Bankruptcy Code "), and a "netting contract" as defined in the netting provisions of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 ("FDICIA "); and
41
(ii)	 Party A is a "master netting agreement participant," a "financial institution," a "financial participant," a "forward contract merchant" and a "swap participant" as defined in the Bankruptcy Code, and a "financial institution" as defined in the netting provisions of FDICIA.
(u)	 _ISDA 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol._ Parts I, II & III of the attachment to the ISDA 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol published by ISDA on 19th July 2013 and available on the ISDA website (www.isda.org) (the "PDD Protocol ") are incorporated herein as if set out in full in this Agreement but with the following amendments:
(i)	 The definition of "Adherence Letter " is deleted and references to "Adherence Letter" and "such party's Adherence Letter" are deemed to be references to this Part 5(u) (ISDA 2013 EMIR Portfolio Reconciliation, Dispute Resolution and Disclosure Protocol).
(ii)	 References to "Implementation Date " are deemed to be references to the date of this Agreement and references to a "Covered Master Agreement" in the PDD Protocol shall be deemed to be references to this Agreement.
(iii)	 The definition of "Protocol " is deleted.
(iv)	 " PR Due Date" means
(1)	 if the Portfolio Reconciliation Requirements require Data Reconciliation to occur each business day:
Each Joint Business Day;
(2)	 if the Portfolio Reconciliation Requirements require Data Reconciliation to occur once per week:
Tuesday;
(3)	 if the Portfolio Reconciliation Requirements require Data Reconciliation to occur once per quarter:
15 February, 15 May, 15 August, 15 November;
(4)	 if the Portfolio Reconciliation Requirements require Data Reconciliation to occur once per year:
15 November.
(v)	 The definitions of "Portfolio Data Sending Entity " and "Portfolio Data Receiving Entity " are replaced with the following:
"Portfolio Data Sending Entity " means Party A.
"Portfolio Data Receiving Entity " means Party B.
(vi)	 Local Business Days
Party A specifies the following place for the purposes of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: Hannover.
Party B specifies the following place(s) for the purposes of the definition of Local Business Day as it applies to it: California and New York
42
(vii)	 Appointment of an Affiliate as agent:
For the purposes of Part I(3)(a) of the attachment to the PDD Protocol:
(4)	 Party A appoints the following Affiliates as its agent: None.
(5)	 Party B appoints the following Affiliates as its agent: AeroCentury Corp.
(viii)	 Use of a third party service provider:
For the purposes of Part I (3) of the attachment to the PDD Protocol:
(6)	 Party A is a party that may use a third party service provider.
(7)	 Party B is may use a third party service provider.
(ix)	 _Contact details for Portfolio Data, discrepancy notices and Dispute Notices._
The following items may be delivered to Party A at the contact details shown below:
Portfolio Data:
Notice of a discrepancy:
Dispute Notice:
The following items may be delivered to Party B at the contact details shown below:
Portfolio Data: 	 c/o AeroCentury Corp.
1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310 Burlingame, CA 94010 Chief Financial Officer
Notice of a discrepancy: 	 c/o AeroCentury Corp.
1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310 Burlingame, CA 94010 Chief Financial Officer
Dispute Notice: 	 c/o AeroCentury Corp.
1440 Chapin Avenue, Suite 310 Burlingame, CA 94010
\+ 1 650-696-3929
(v)	 Unique Trade Identifier.
(i)	 Party A will generate an unique trade identifier (Unique Trade Identifier, or "UTI ") for each Transaction entered into pursuant to the terms of this Agreement and will make available the UTI to Party B as soon as reasonably practicable after the entry into the respective Transaction, provided, however that the Parties have not concluded an agreement (the "Reporting Services Agreement") for the delegation of the mandatory trade reporting obligation pursuant to Article 9 Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 ("EMIR"). Where the parties hereto have entered into a Reporting Services Agreement, Section 4.3. thereof shall apply in addition to this Part 5(r), and, notwithstanding the foregoing, Party A shall be under no obligation to report an UTI separately to Party B.
43
(ii)	 Part 5(v)(i) above shall not apply to:
(1)	 Transactions that are concluded or confirmed via an electronic trading facility or affirmation platform, provided that the respective UTI is generated by the trading facility or affirmation platform, respectively; AND
(2)	 Transactions to which Party A becomes a party by virtue of a novation or transfer, provided that an UTI has already been generated for such Transaction and transmitted to a trade repository according to Art. 55 EMIR.
(w)	 Bail-in and Resolution Stay. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement, the parties agree that (i) the provisions of the attachment to the ISDA 2016 Bail-in Art 55 BRRD Protocol (Dutch/French/German/Irish/Italian/Luxembourg/Spanish/UK entity-in-resolution version) published on 14 July 2016 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended from time to time, shall be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement as if references in those provisions to "Protocol Covered Agreement" were references to this Agreement, and on the basis that references to the "Implementation Date" shall be deemed to be references to the date of this Agreement; and (ii) the provisions of paragraphs 1 to 4 (inclusive) of the ISDA German Jurisdictional Module to the ISDA Resolution Stay Jurisdictional Modular Protocol published on 28 June 2016 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended from time to time, shall be deemed to be incorporated into this Agreement as if references in those provisions to "Covered Agreement" were references to this Agreement, and on the basis that: (A) Party A shall be treated as a "Regulated Entity Counterparty" with respect to Party B, (B) Party B shall be treated as a "Module Adhering Party", and (C) references to the "Implementation Date" shall be deemed to be references to the date of this Agreement.
\- Signature page to follow -
