SCHEDULE
to the
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of February  13, 2017
between
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. ( "Party A") 	   	 and 	   	  Booz Allen Hamilton Inc. ( "Party B")
Part  1. 	 Termination Provisions.
(a) 	 " Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable
(b) 	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14\.
(c) 	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided, that
(i) 	 the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared" shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and
(ii) 	 the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "provided, however, that an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2) above if the default, event of default, or other similar condition or event referred to in (1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is caused not by the unavailability of funds but is caused solely due to a technical or administrative error which has been remedied within three Local Business Days after a notice of such failure is given to the party."
" Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of the Agreement except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
" Threshold Amount" means in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the shareholders' equity of Party A (or its equivalent in another currency); and in relation to Party B, $50,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).
(d) 	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(e) 	 The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) 	 " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(g) 	 Additional Termination Event The following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:
If the obligations of Party B to Party A under this Agreement are not equally and ratably secured and guaranteed with the obligations of Party B owing to Lenders under the Credit Agreement. An Additional Termination Event shall not occur to the extent that it is caused solely by the guarantee of any Guarantor under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or the grant of a security interest by any Guarantor under the Credit Agreement not applying to any obligation of Party B under this Agreement as a result of such Guarantor's failure for any reason to constitute an "eligible contract participant", as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of a security interest by such Guarantor would otherwise have become effective with respect to Party B's obligations under this Agreement; provided that the foregoing shall only apply to that portion of the guarantee under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement provided by the Guarantor who does not constitute an "eligible contract participant".
"Credit Agreement " shall mean the credit agreement entered into as of July 31, 2012, as amended by the First Amendment dated as of August 16, 2013 and as further amended by the Second Amendment dated May 7, 2014, the Third Amendment dated as of July 13, 2016 and the Fourth Amendment dated as of February 6, 2017 among BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company " or the "Borrower "), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the "Lenders "), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Issuing Lender (as may be further amended, amended and restated, supplemented, extended, refinanced, replaced, or otherwise modified from time to time, the "Credit Agreement"). Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement.
For the purpose of the foregoing Additional Termination Events, Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and all transactions shall be Affected Transactions.
Part  2. 	 Tax Representations.
(a) 	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party
pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	 Payee Tax Representations.
For the purposes of Section 3(f), Party A makes the following representations:
(A) It is a national banking association organized or formed under the laws of the United States and is a United States resident for United States federal income tax purposes.
(B) It is a "U.S. person" (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii).
(C) Party A makes no other Payee Tax Representations.
For purposes of Section 3(f), Party B makes the following representations:
(A) It is a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.
(B) It is a "U.S. person" (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii).
(C) Party B makes no other Payee Tax Representations.
Part 3.
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a) 	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered under Section 4(a) are:
Party  required to deliver document 	    	  Forms/Documents/Certificates 	    	  Date by which to be delivered Party A and Party B 	    	 An executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor thereto). 	    	 (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable request by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
(b) 	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required  to deliver 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	    	 Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 	    	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement. 	    	 Yes Party A and Party B 	    	 Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and each confirmation. 	    	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party. 	    	 Yes
Part  4. 	 Miscellaneous
(a) 	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a):
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.
45 Fremont Street, 30th Floor,
MAC A0194-300
San Francisco, CA 94105
Facsimile No.: (877) 564-8524
Attention: Derivatives Documentation Manager
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	   	 575 Herndon Parkway Herndon, VA 20170 Attention: Email: 	   	  Ryan Ross ross_ryan@bah.com Telephone No: 	   	 571-346-4918
Notices relating to Sections 5, 6, 11, and 13 should also be sent to:
Address: 	   	 575 Herndon Parkway Herndon, VA 20170 Attention: 	   	 Ryan Ross Email: 	   	 ross_ryan@bah.com Telephone No: 	   	 571-346-4918
(b) 	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c):
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(c) 	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(b):
Party A is a Multibranch Party, and may act through its San Francisco Office or Charlotte Office or its London Branch, as specified in the relevant Confirmation. If any Confirmation for a Transaction is sent or executed by Party A without specifying its Office, it will be presumed that Party A's Office for that Transaction is its San Francisco Office, absent notice to the contrary from Party A.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A ,  unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Party A, in which case Party B may appoint a Leading Dealer to act as substitute Calculation Agent for so long as such Event of Default is continuing. A "Leading Dealer" means a leading dealer in the relevant market that is not an Affiliate of either of the parties.
(f) 	 Credit Support Document.
Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party B, not applicable.
(g) 	 Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party B, not applicable.
(h) 	 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. (i) To the extent not otherwise preempted by U.S. Federal law, this Agreement and all matters arising out of or relating to this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without giving effect to any provision of New York law that would cause another jurisdiction's laws to be applied).
(ii) Section 13(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the word "non-exclusive" appearing in paragraph (i) thereof and substituting therefor the word "exclusive" and (ii) deleting the last sentence of Section 13(b) and substituting therefor the following sentence:
"Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction if (A) the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City lacks jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter of the Proceedings or declines to accept the Proceedings on the grounds of lacking such jurisdiction; (B) the Proceedings are commenced by a party for the purpose of enforcing against
the other party's property, assets or estate any decision or judgment rendered by any court in which Proceedings may be brought as provided hereunder; (C) the Proceedings are commenced to appeal any such court's decision or judgment to any higher court with competent appellate jurisdiction over that court's decisions or judgments if that higher court is located outside the State of New York or Borough of Manhattan, such as a federal court of appeals or the U.S. Supreme Court; or (D) any suit, action or proceeding has been commenced in another jurisdiction by or against the other party or against its property, assets or estate (including, without limitation, any suit, action or proceeding described in Section 5(a)(vii)(4) of this Agreement), and, in order to exercise or protect its rights, interests or remedies under this Agreement, the party (1) joins, files a claim, or takes any other action, in any such suit, action or proceeding, or (2) otherwise commences any Proceeding in that other jurisdiction as the result of that other suit, action or proceeding having commenced in that other jurisdiction."
(i) 	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement; provided, that Party A and Party B may agree from time to time that Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply to certain specific Transactions.
(j) 	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k) 	 Absence of Litigation . For the purpose of Section 3(c):
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None.
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, None.
(l) 	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement. Reference to Section 3(f) in Section 2(d)(i)(4)(B) also includes Section 3(g).
(m) 	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purposes of Section 3 of this Agreement each the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
(i) 	 Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1) 	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it is based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.
(2) 	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3) 	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(4) 	 Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act.
(5) 	 ERISA. Each party represents to the other party at all times hereunder that it is not (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), or a plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or a plan as so defined but which is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but is subject to another law materially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of which, an "ERISA Plan"), (ii) a person or entity acting on behalf of an ERISA Plan, or (iii) a person or entity the assets of which constitute assets of an ERISA Plan.
(n) 	 Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings; provided that if only one party records conversations, such recording party shall provide all relevant recordings between the parties' trading personnel in connection with a Transaction under this Agreement to the other party upon such party's reasonable request; provided that such provision is at the requesting party's expense, and only to the extent that such recordings are in the recording party's possession and can be located upon a reasonable search.
Part  5. 	 Other Provisions.
(a) 	 Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Transaction.
(b) 	 Severability. (i) If any term, provision, covenant, or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any party or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable (in whole or in part) for any reason, the remaining terms, provisions, covenants, and conditions hereof shall continue in full force and effect and shall remain applicable to all other parties circumstances as if this Agreement had been executed with the invalid or unenforceable portion eliminated, so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement and the deletion of such portion of this Agreement will not substantially impair the respective benefits or expectations of the parties provided, however, that this severability provision shall not be applicable if any provision of Sections 1(c), 2, 5, 6 or 13 (or any related or ancillary definition or provision in Section 14 to the extent applicable thereto) shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable.
(ii) The parties shall endeavor to engage in good faith negotiations to replace any invalid or unenforceable term, provision, covenant or condition with a valid or enforceable term, provision, covenant or condition, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid or unenforceable term, provision, covenant or condition.
(c) 	 Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(d) 	 Transfer. Section 7 is hereby amended by adding the words "(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld)" in the third line thereof after the word "party" and before the comma, provided that among the reasons it shall be considered reasonable for a party to withhold its consent are the following: (i) its credit department is unwilling to credit approve the transfer to the transferee, or if such approval is subject to collateral or other credit support arrangements, such collateral or credit support arrangements would not be in place and properly perfected at the time of such transfer to cover all existing and future obligations of the transferee or its credit support provider for the Transactions being transferred; (ii) it would be exposed to any increased legal, bankruptcy, regulatory or tax risks, liabilities or requirements as the result of such transfer (such risks to include, but not be limited to, the risk that settlement netting, close-out netting or collateral arrangements would not be enforceable in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the transferee or its credit support provider, the risk that collateral may be clawed back in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding applicable to the transferee or its credit support provider, or the risk that the non-transferring party may not have a first perfected security interest or charge in the collateral to the exclusion of other creditors) or such transfer would cause it or the transferee to be in noncompliance with any legal or regulatory requirements; (iii) an Event of Default or Termination Event would exist before or after the transfer; (iv) there would be any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payments it would be entitled to receive from the transferee for which the transferee is not obligated to fully gross up; or (v) when fewer than all Transactions are transferred, its credit exposure to the transferring party would increase as a result of the transfer.
Notwithstanding clause (ii) above, the parties agree that any requirement to clear a transaction under applicable law on a derivatives clearing organization ("DCO") registered with the Commodity Futures Trading Commission shall not be considered a reasonable basis for a party to withhold its consent to transfer hereunder, provided that (A) such party and the transferee each has, at the time of the proposed transfer, a clearing agreement with a clearing member of such DCO that is prepared to clear that transaction on behalf of such party and the transferee, respectively (or such party or the transferee is a clearing member of such DCO, respectively) and (B) no clearing limit or legal limit applicable to such party, the transferee or their respective clearing members would be exceeded as the result of clearing that transaction on that DCO.
(e) 	 Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation in all material respects of the financial condition of the relevant person."
(f) 	 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. Annexes 1 through 13 (inclusive) and Section 6 of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published on July 15, 2003 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. are hereby incorporated by reference in, and shall form part of, this Agreement. References in the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol to "2002 Master" will be deemed references to this Agreement.
(g) 	 Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. The following provision shall apply in respect of the ISDA Master Agreement between the parties (including the Schedule thereto, any Credit Support Annex and each Transaction that has been or will be entered into thereunder) and shall survive the termination of this Transaction and this Confirmation:
"_Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act_. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax "). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement."
(h) 	 Incorporation of 2006 ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions ("2006 Definitions") each as published by the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc., are incorporated into any Confirmation which supplements and forms part of this Agreement, and all capitalised terms used in a Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in the 2006 Definitions, unless otherwise defined in a Confirmation. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the 2006 Definitions, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply, and in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and a Confirmation, the provisions of the Confirmation shall apply.
(i) 	 Protocol Covered Agreement. If both parties have adhered to and exchanged questionnaires under the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement published on August 13, 2012 and/or the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement published on March 22, 2013, (each a "Protocol Agreement "), the parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall constitute a Protocol Covered Agreement as defined under the applicable Protocol Agreement.
(j) 	 Set-Off. Section 6(f) is hereby amended by inserting the words "or to any Affiliate of the Payer" immediately after the words "to the Payer" appearing before the final parenthetical phrase of the first sentence.
(k) 	 Confirmation Procedures. Confirmations for Transactions are due under CFTC Rule 23.501 within the applicable time frame specified in such rule, to the extent applicable.
(l) 	 EMU Protocol. If a present or future European Union member state adopts the euro as its lawful currency to replace its national currency (including, without limitation, Sterling, Danish Krone and Swedish Krona), then Annexes 1 through 5 (inclusive) and Section 6 of the EMU Protocol published on May 6, 1998 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (i) shall be deemed to apply to any Transaction involving that member state's national currency (which shall be considered a Legacy Transaction under the EMU Protocol), (ii) shall be construed in a manner consistent with the purpose of the EMU Protocol notwithstanding that the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union has already occurred, and (iii) are hereby incorporated by reference in, and shall form part of, this Agreement. References in the EMU Protocol to "ISDA Master Agreement" will be deemed references to this Agreement.
(m) 	 Escrow. If payments denominated in different currencies are due hereunder by both parties on the same day and a party has reasonable cause to believe that the other party will not meet its payment obligation, then as reasonable assurance of performance the party may notify the other party that payments on that date are to be made in escrow. In this case, deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment) on that date with any escrow agent selected by the party giving the notice from among major commercial banks independent of either party (and its affiliates), accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions (i) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect or (ii) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on the same date, to return the payment deposited to the party that paid in escrow. The party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements and shall make arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the amount due to be deposited first shall be entitled to interest on the deposited payment for each day in the period of its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any reason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make hereunder in a timely fashion."
PART  6: 	 Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Currency Option Transactions
(a) 	 Incorporation of Definitions.  The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions) and Currency Option Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions). Terms defined in the FX Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.
(b) 	  Scope and Confirmations.  Any confirmation in respect of any FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction into which the parties may enter, or may have entered into prior to the date hereof, that fails by its terms to expressly exclude the application of this Agreement shall (to the extent not otherwise provided for in this Agreement) (i) constitute a "Confirmation" as referred to in this Agreement even where not so specified in such confirmation and (ii) supplement, form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement, and all provisions in this Agreement will govern such Confirmation except as modified therein. Without limitation of the forgoing, where an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic
messages on an electronic messaging system, acknowledgement on an automated trading system, or by means of facsimile or telex (whether manually or automatically generated) or other document or confirming evidence shall constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement even where not so specified therein.
(c) 	 Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between any of the following documents with respect to an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction, the relevant document first listed shall prevail: (i) a Confirmation, (ii) Part 6 of this Schedule, (iii) the remainder of this Schedule, (iv) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement, (v) the FX Definitions, and (vi) the 2006 ISDA Definitions.
(d) 	 Notice of Exercise. Section 3.5(g) of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by deleting "facsimile," in the third line thereof.
(e) 	 Netting of FX and Currency Option Payments. If the parties mutually agree that "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for purposes of Section 2(c) of this Agreement with respect to the following groups of Transactions, then "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply separately for the different groups of Transactions: (i) FX Transactions (including FX Transactions resulting from the exercise of Currency Option Transactions), (ii) Currency Option Transactions, and (iii) Premiums payable under Currency Option Transactions (in each case as such terms are defined in the FX Definitions), unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation.
[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.]
