SCHEDULE
to the
2002 Master Agreement
dated as of April, 11, 2019
between
TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED 	  and 	  BANK OF MONTREAL ("Party A") 	   	  ("Party B") established as a corporation 	   	  established as a bank under the laws of Wisconsin 	   	  under the laws of Canada
Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a) 	  " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:--
Section5(a)(v), 	  Affiliates Section5(a)(vi), 	  Affiliates Section5(a)(vii), 	  Affiliates Section5(b)(v), 	  Affiliates
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:--
Section5(a)(v), 	  Not Applicable Section5(a)(vi), 	  Not Applicable Section5(a)(vii), 	  Not Applicable Section5(b)(v), 	  Not Applicable
(b) 	  " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c) 	  The " Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
" Specified Indebtedness will have the meaning specified in Section 14, provided that it will also include any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of any Derivative Transaction and will not include (i) indebtedness in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business or (ii) any payment not made because of an intervening change in law making such payment illegal, a force majeure or an act of state, provided that the party had available sufficient funds to make such payment at the time of non- payment.
" Threshold Amount" means, with respect to Party A or any Credit Support Provider or Specified Entity of Party A, USD500,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.
" Threshold Amount" means, with respect to Party B, not applicable.
(d) 	  The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply to Party A and Party B.
(e) 	  The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) 	  " Termination Currency" means U.S. Dollars.
(g) 	  " Additional Termination Event" will apply. Each of the following will constitute an Additional Termination Event:
(i) 	  the Credit Agreement (as defined herein) is terminated as a result of repayment in full by Party A of all of Party A's obligations, other than hedging obligations, under the Credit Agreement;
(ii) 	  Party B or an Affiliate of Party B ceases to be a lender under the Credit Agreement or Party B is no longer entitled to the benefit of the Credit Support Documents; or
(iii) 	  Party B or an Affiliate of Party B makes a demand for repayment under any demand credit facility made available to Party A pursuant to the Credit Agreement.
For the purpose of the foregoing Additional Termination Events, the sole Affected Party will be Party A.
Part 2. Tax Representations.
(a) 	  Payer Representation. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B each make the following representation:-
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on:
(i) 	  the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement;
(ii) 	  the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement; and
(iii) 	  the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement; except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	  Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B make the representations specified below, if any:
(i) 	  The following representation will apply to Party A and Party B except for Transactions in respect of which (i) the Specified Jurisdiction of Party A is the same as the Specified Jurisdiction of Party B, or (ii) there is no Specified Treaty:
It is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision or the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement and no such payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment in the Specified Jurisdiction.
" Specified Treaty" means, with respect to Party A as Payee, (i) if Party B is acting through its U.S. operations in respect of the relevant Transaction, not applicable or (ii) if Party B is acting through its non-U.S.
operations, the income tax convention between the United States of America and Canada.
" Specified Treaty" means, with respect to Party B as Payee, the income tax convention between Canada and the United States of America.
" Specified Jurisdiction" means, with respect to Party A as Payee, either (i) if Party B is acting through its U.S. operations in respect of the relevant Transaction, the United States of America or (ii) if Party B is acting through its non-U.S. operations, Canada.
" Specified Jurisdiction" means, with respect to Party B as Payee, the United States of America.
" U.S. operations" means, with respect to Party B, USD interest rate derivatives, commodity derivatives, dividend payments and dividend equivalent amounts within the meaning of United States Treasury Regulation ยง 1.871-15(c).
(ii) 	  The following representation will not apply to Party A and will apply to Party B when Party B is acting through its U.S. operations:
For its U.S. operations, each payment received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement will be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States of America.
(iii) 	  The following representation will apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B:
It has been duly incorporated, created or organized under the laws of the United States of America or of any State of the United States of America, and it is validly existing under those laws.
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents.
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(a) 	  Each party shall, as soon as practicable after demand, deliver to the other party any form or document reasonably requested by the other party, including without limitation, any form or document required to enable such other party to make payments hereunder without withholding for or on account of Taxes or with such withholding at a reduced rate. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing:
Party required to deliver document 	  Form/Document/Certificate 	  Date by which to be delivered Party A 	  Form W-9 	  Upon execution of this Agreement Party B 	  Form W-8ECI, with respect to Transactions entered into by Party B's U.S. operations 	  Upon execution of this Agreement Party B 	  Form W-8BEN-E, with respect to Transactions entered into by Party B's non-U.S. operations out of its Toronto Office 	  Upon execution of this Agreement
(b) 	  Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	  Form/Document/Certificate 	  Date by which to be delivered 	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	  Certificate of incumbency containing specimen signatures of each person executing the Agreement and, if requested, any Confirmation 	  Upon execution of this Agreement, and, if requested, each Confirmation 	  Yes Party A 	  Copy of a resolution of the Board of Directors authorizing the execution and delivery of the Agreement and any Credit Support Document 	  Upon execution of this Agreement 	  Yes Party A 	  Annual and quarterly financial statements 	  At the times set forth in the Credit Agreement or upon request if Party A is not party to the Credit Agreement 	  Yes Party A 	  Written representation of "eligible contract participant" status of any person or entity providing a guarantee 	  Promptly upon request 	  Yes
Part 4.       Miscellaneous.
(a) 	  Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address(es) for notices or communications to Party A:
Address: 	 Twin Disc, Incorporated 1328 Racine Street Racine, Wisconsin 53403 Attention: 	 Chief Financial Officer and Assistant Treasurer Facsimile: 	 262-638-4481 Telephone: 	 262-638-4242 Email: 	 knutson.jeff@twindisc.com
Addresses for notices or communications to Party B:
With respect to Transactions, excluding FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions:
Address: 	 Bank of Montreal 55 Bloor Street West, 18th Floor Toronto, Ontario M4W 1A5 Canada Attention: 	 Manager, Derivatives Operations Facsimile: 	 (416) 552-7904 Telephone: 	 (416) 552-4177 With respect to FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions:
Address: 	 FX/MM Operations 800 Rue De La Gauchetiere Ouest, Suite 5600 Montreal, Quebec H5A 1K8 Canada Attention: 	 Manager, FX Operations Facsimile: 	 (514) 877-2223 Telephone: 	 (514) 877-2203/1245 SWIFT ID No:
Any other notice sent to Party B (including without limitation, any notice in connection with Section 5, 6 or 9(b)) shall be copied to the following address:
Address: 	 Bank of Montreal 100 King Street West, 20th Floor Toronto, Ontario M5X 1A1 Canada Attention: 	 Associate General Counsel & Managing Director, Derivatives Legal Group Facsimile: 	 (416) 956-2318
(b) 	  Process Agent. For purposes of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: its office at 1328 Racine Street, Racine, WI 53403
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: its office at 3 Times Square, New York, N.Y. 10036.
(c) 	  Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	  Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement:
Party A is not a Multibranch Party and, for the purposes of this Agreement and each Transaction entered into pursuant hereto, will act through its Racine, WI Office.
Party B is a Multibranch Party and, for purposes of this Agreement and each Transaction entered into pursuant hereto, may act through its London, Chicago and Toronto Offices.
(e) 	  Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party B, unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction.
(f) 	  " Credit Support Document(s)" means, with respect to Party A, the Loan Documents (as hereinafter defined) and each other document which by its terms secures, guarantees or otherwise supports Party A's obligations hereunder (whether or not this Agreement is specifically referenced or described therein), as such document may be amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time; and, with respect to Party B, none.
(g) 	  " Credit Support Provider" means, with respect to Party A, any party to a Credit Support Document that provides or is obligated to provide security or other credit support for Party A's obligations hereunder.
" Credit Support Provider" means, with respect to Party B, none.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in the ISDA ECP Guarantor Keepwell Terms and the ISDA Non-ECP Guarantor Exclusionary Terms, both as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on April 18, 2013, are hereby incorporated into this Agreement and made applicable to this Agreement and any Confirmation, which supplements and forms part of this Agreement.
(h) 	  Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(i) 	  Netting of Payments. With effect from the date of this Agreement, "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement; provided, that Party A and Party B may agree from time to time that "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply to specific Transactions.
(j) 	  " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k) 	  Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c):--
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, Affiliates
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, Not Applicable
(l) 	  No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(m) 	  Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following will constitute an " Additional Representation" :  --
(i) 	  Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):--
(A) 	  Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(B) 	  Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(C) 	  Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(n) 	  Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
Part 5. Other Provisions.
(a) 	  ISDA Definitions. This Agreement is subject to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the " 2006 Definitions") published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ( "ISDA"), as amended and supplemented from time to time. The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the " FX and Currency Option Definitions"), published by ISDA, et. al., as amended and supplemented from time to time, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to any "FX Transactions" and "Currency Option Transactions," as defined by the FX and Currency Option Definitions. The 2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions (the " Commodity Definitions" and, together with the 2006 Definitions and the FX and Currency Option Definitions, the " Definitions"), as published by ISDA, as amended and supplemented from time to time, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to each Transaction which is a commodity swap, commodity option, commodity swaption or commodity cap, collar or floor (each a " Commodity Transaction"). In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Definitions, this Agreement will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation and this Agreement or the Definitions, such Confirmation will prevail for the purposes of the relevant Transaction.
(b) 	  Standard Terms and Conditions Applicable to FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions. Each FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction outstanding at or entered into after the date hereof between the parties shall be governed by this Agreement even where not so specified in a Confirmation and irrespective of any references in a Confirmation to any other master agreements (e.g. IFEMA, FEOMA, ICOM, or any specified terms and conditions).
(c) 	  Bankruptcy Code. The parties hereto intend that this Agreement shall be a "swap agreement" for purposes of 11 U.S.C. ยง101(53B), or any successor provisions.
(d) 	  Escrow. If by reason of the time difference between the cities in which payments are to be made or otherwise, it is not possible for simultaneous payments to be made on any date on which both parties are required to make payments hereunder, either party may at its option and in its sole discretion notify the other party that payments on that date are to be made in escrow. In this case deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment) on that date with an escrow agent selected by the party giving the notice and reasonably acceptable to the other party, accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions (a) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect or (b) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on that same date, to return the payment deposited to the party that paid it into escrow. The party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements and shall cause those arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the payment due to be deposited first shall be entitled to interest on that deposited payment for each day in the period of its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any reason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make hereunder in a timely fashion.
(e) 	  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL: EACH PARTY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTY HAVE ENTERED INTO THIS AGREEMENT AND ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT, AS APPLICABLE, IN RELIANCE ON, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS IN THIS SECTION.
(f) 	  Additional Definitions. The following definitions shall be added to Section 14 in their appropriate alphabetical place:
" Credit Agreement" means the credit agreement dated as of June 29, 2018 between Party A and BMO Harris Bank N.A., as amended, supplemented, restated or replaced from time to time.
" Derivative Transaction" means (a) any transaction which is a rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross- currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) and (b) any combination of these transactions.
" Loan Documents" has the meaning set forth in the Credit Agreement.
(g) 	  2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that with effect from the date of this Agreement the terms of each Annex to the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the " Master Agreement Protocol") shall apply to this Agreement as if the parties had adhered to the Master Agreement Protocol without amendment.
(h) 	  Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a " FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
(i) 	  Protocol Covered Agreement. If both parties hereto have adhered to the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement, as published on August 13, 2012 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and/or the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement, as published on March 22, 2013 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (each a " Protocol Agreement") and have delivered "Matched Questionnaires" (as defined in the applicable Protocol Agreement), then this Agreement shall be supplemented to the same extent as if it were a "Matched PCA" under the applicable Protocol Agreement.
(j) 	  Additional Events of Default. In addition to the Events of Default contained in Section 5 of this Agreement, it shall be an Event of Default hereunder, with Party A as the Defaulting Party, if a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) occurs under the Credit Agreement; provided, however, that where the Credit Agreement requires that notice be provided by the lender or agent thereunder to Party A, such notice, may be provided by Party B or any Affiliate of Party B.
(k) 	  Pari Passu. Party A acknowledges and agrees that all of its obligations under this Agreement (whether present, future, contingent or otherwise) shall be secured by, rank equally to, and have the benefit of, any security from time to time granted by Party A in respect of the repayment of principal under the senior most secured indebtedness of Party A and that in the creation of such indebtedness, express provision shall be made to such effect. Party A undertakes to and agrees with Party B to enter into, execute and deliver all such additional agreements, documents, instruments and other assurances and to do such acts and things as Party B may require in order to give effect to the foregoing.
(l) 	  Conflict or Inconsistency with Credit Agreement. Insofar as any provisions of the Credit Agreement incorporated herein conflict with or are inconsistent with any terms, covenants or conditions in this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement shall prevail with respect to the subject matter hereof to the extent of the conflict or inconsistency, provided that the non-inclusion of a provision in either document shall not constitute a conflict or inconsistency for the purposes of this provision.
TWIN DISC, INCORPORATED 	  BANK OF MONTREAL By: /s/ Jeffrey Knutson                                        	      By: /s/ H. LandyMore Name: Jeffrey Knutson 	  Name: H. Landymore Title: Vice President - Finance and Chief Financial Officer 	  Title: Senior Counsel & Managing Director Date: 4-12-2019 	  Date: April 12, 2019
