SCHEDULE to the 2002 MASTER AGREEMENT dated as of December 30, 2003 between
[Name] ("Party A") 	   	 and 	   	 HARRAH'S OPERATING COMPANY,  INC.
("Party B") established as a corporation under the Laws of Delaware
_PART I Termination Provisions _
(1)
"Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A, for the purpose of:
Section  5(a)(v), none;
Section  5(a)(vi), none;
Section  5(a)(vii), none; and
Section  5(b)(v), none;
and, in relation to Party B, for the purpose of:
Section  5(a)(v), any Affiliate of Party B;
Section  5(a)(vi), Parent or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement referred to in Part 5(6) hereof);
Section  5(a)(vii), Parent or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement); and
Section  5(b)(v), none.
(2)
"Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(3)
The  "Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A, any applicable Specified Entity of Party B and Party B, and for such purpose:
(a)
"Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement, except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
(b)
"Threshold Amount" means, with respect to Party A, an amount equal to three percent of the shareholders' equity of Party A; and with respect to Party B, and any applicable Specified Entity of Party B USD 100,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or currencies. For purposes of this definition, any Specified Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than the currency in which the Threshold Amount is expressed shall be converted into the currency in which the Threshold Amount is expressed at the exchange rate therefor reasonably chosen by the other party.
(c)
Section 5(a)(vi) of this Agreement will be deemed to be amended as follows:
a.
The phrase ", or becoming capable at such time of being declared," shall be deleted from Section 5(a)(vi)(l); and
b.
Section 5(a)(vi)(2) shall be deleted in its entirety.
(4)
The  "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply to Party A and Party B; provided, however, that if the applicable party has long term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or deposits which is or are publicly rated (such rating, a "Credit Rating") by Moody's Investor Services, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard and Poors Ratings Group ("S&P") or any other internationally recognized rating agency (a "Rating Agency"), then the words "materially weaker" in line 6 of Section 5(b)(v) shall mean that the Credit Rating of such party (or, if applicable, the Credit Support Provider of such party) shall be rated lower than Baa3 by Moody's, or lower than BBB- by S&P or, in the event that there is no Credit Rating by either Moody's or S&P applicable to such party (or, if applicable, the Credit Support Provider of such party) but such party's long-term indebtedness or deposits is or are rated by a Rating Agency, lower than a rating equivalent to the foregoing by such Rating Agency.
(5)
The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(6)
"Termination Currency" will have the meaning set forth in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(6)
Additional Termination Event will not apply.
_PART 2 Tax Representations _
(A)
Payer Tax Representation. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement:-Party A and Party B each makes the following representation:-
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement; (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement; and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on sub-clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(B)
Payee Tax Representation. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement:
(i)
Party A and Party B each represent, respectively, that it is a United States Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes and either (a) is a financial institution or (b) is not acting as an agent for a person that is not a United States Person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
(ii)
Party B represents in respect of each Transaction where Party A's Office for the Transaction is not located in the United States of America:
Party B is folly eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision and the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the income tax treaty (if any), in effect between the jurisdiction of Party A's Office for the Transaction and the United States of America with respect to any payment described in such provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement and no such payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment in the jurisdiction through which Party A has entered the relevant Transaction.
_PART 3 Agreement to Deliver Documents _
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a)
Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, Party B agrees to deliver a complete and accurate United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any applicable successor form), in a manner reasonably satisfactory to Party A, (I) upon execution of this Agreement; (II) promptly upon reasonable demand of Party A, and (III) promptly upon learning that any such form previously filed by Party B has become obsolete or incorrect (and each such form is hereby identified for purposes of Section 3(d) of this Agreement).
(b)
Other documents to be delivered are:
Party  required to deliver document
Form/Document/Certificate
Date by which to be delivered
Covered by Section  3(d) Representation
Party B 	   	 Annual Report of Party B and of its Credit Support Provider (as applicable) containing consolidated financial statements certified by independent certified public accountants and prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the country or countries in which Party B and its Credit Support Provider (as applicable) is organized 	   	 Upon request 	   	 Yes
Party B Unaudited consolidated financial statements of Party B and of its Credit Support Provider (as applicable) for a fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in the country or countries in which Party B and its Credit Support Provider (as applicable) is organized Upon request Yes
Party B Guaranty (as defined in Part 4(6) of this Schedule) Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement No
Party B Opinion of counsel satisfactory to Party A substantially in the form of Exhibit I hereto Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement No
Party B Opinion of counsel to Guarantor satisfactory to Party A substantially in the form of Exhibit II hereto Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement No
Party B Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement Yes
Party A and Party B Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement, Confirmations and each Credit Support Document (as applicable) Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party Yes
_PART 4 Miscellaneous _
(1)
Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notice or communications to Party A:
Any notice relating to a particular Transaction shall be delivered to the address or facsimile number specified in the Confirmation of such Transaction.
Any notice delivered for purposes of Sections 5 and 6 of this Agreement shall be delivered to the following address:
Address:
Attention:
Facsimile No.:
Telephone No.:
Electronic Messaging System Details: N/A
with a copy to
Address:
Attention:
Facsimile:
Telephone:
Unless otherwise stated in a Confirmation, with respect to FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions only, notices to Party A for the purpose of Section 12(a) of the Agreement shall be copied to the following addresses:
Payments in respect of FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions shall be made in accordance with standing payment instructions provided by each party to the other, or as specified in a Confirmation.
(2)
Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(3)
Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(4)
Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10 of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may enter into a Transaction through any of the following Offices:--
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(5)
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A, unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction.
(6)
Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Documents:
in relation to Party A: None
in relation to Party B: The Guaranty of the Credit Support Provider dated as of the date hereof in favor of Party A and in the form appended hereto shall constitute a "Credit Support Document" in relation to all of the obligations of Party B and for all purposes of this Agreement.
(7)
Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party B for all purposes hereof, Harrah's Entertainment, Inc. (the "Guarantor")
(8)
Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(9)
Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement to all Transactions starting from the date of this Agreement.
(10)
"Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(11)
Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c) of this Agreement:
"Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A, None
"Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party B, any Affiliate of Party B.
(12)
No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) of this Agreement will apply to this Agreement.
(13)
Additional Representation will apply.    For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following will each constitute an Additional Representation:
(h)
Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(i)  Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii)  Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and
understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction.
It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(iii)  Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv)  Other Transactions. It understands and acknowledges that the other party may, either in connection with entering into a Transaction or from time to time thereafter, engage in open market transactions that are designed to hedge or reduce the risks incurred by it in connection with such Transaction and that the effect of such open market transactions may be to affect or reduce the value of such Transaction.
(14)
Eligible Contract Participant. Each party represents to the other patty (which representation will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into) that it is an "eligible contract participant", as defined in the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000\.
(15)
Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties and their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
_PART 5 Other Provisions _
(1)
Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document. Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other party or any Credit Support Provider has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into this Agreement and provide for any Credit Support Document, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section.
(2)
ISDA Definitions. Reference is hereby made to the 2000 ISDA Definitions (the "2000 Definitions") and the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions") (collectively the "ISDA Definitions") each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., which are hereby incorporated by reference herein. Any terms used and not otherwise defined herein which are contained in the ISDA Definitions shall have the meaning set forth therein.
(3)
Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(4)
Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between any of the following documents, the relevant document first listed below shall govern:    (i) a Confirmation; (ii) the Schedule; (iii) the
ISDA Definitions; and (iv) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between provisions contained in the 2000 Definitions and the FX Definitions, the FX Definitions shall prevail.
(5)
Confirmations. For the avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that Confirmations need not follow the form recommended in the various ISDA Definitions but may be in such other form and be exchanged by such other means (including electronic messaging system) as may be acceptable to the parties. In the event that any Confirmation refers to, or purports to incorporate, any other master agreement or market terms, such reference or purported incorporation shall be disregarded, unless the parties have expressly agreed otherwise in an amending agreement described as such and complying with Section 9(b) of this Agreement (and notwithstanding Section l(b) of this Agreement in this respect Confirmations shall not prevail over this Agreement).
(6)
Amendments to Section  5 Events of Default.
_Section  5(a)(vii)--Bankruptcy. The reference to "15 days" in sub-paragraph
(7) shall be deleted and replaced with "30 days" in relation to Party A only._
(7)
Incorporation of 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on July 15th, 2003, are hereby incorporated herein and all Annexes will be deemed to apply hereto.
(8)
Deletion of Section  6(f); Set-Off. Section 6(f) of this Agreement shall be deleted in its entirety.
Please confirm your agreement to the terms of the foregoing Schedule by signing below.
