SCHEDULE
to the
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of September 26, 2012
between
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.("Party A")	 and	 WELLS CORE OFFICE INCOME OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P. ("Party B")
Part 1: Termination Provisions
(1) "Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A, for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), any Affiliate of Party A;
Section 5(a)(vi), none;
Section 5(a)(vii), none; and
Section 5(b)(v), none;
and, in relation to Party B, for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), none;
Section 5(a)(vi), none;
Section 5(a)(vii), none; and
Section 5(b)(v), none.
(2)	 "Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(3)	 The "Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and Party B, and for such purpose:
(a) 	 "Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement, except that such term shall not include (i) obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business, (ii) obligations under the Credit Agreements, (iii) in respect of Party B, non-recourse indebtedness, and (iv) in respect of Party B, intra-company indebtedness.
(b) 	 "Threshold Amount" means, with respect to Party A, an amount equal to three percent of the shareholders' equity of Party A, determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America ("GAAP"), consistently applied, as at the end of such party's most recently completed fiscal year; and with respect to Party B, USD 20,000,000, or the equivalent thereof in any other currency or currencies. For purposes of this definition, any Specified Indebtedness denominated in a currency other than the currency in which the Threshold is expressed shall be converted into the currency in which the Threshold is expressed at the rate of exchange at which the other party would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency.
(4)	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply to Party A and Party B; provided, however, that if the applicable party has long term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness or deposits which is or are publicly rated (such rating, a "Credit Rating") by Moody's Investor Services, Inc. ("Moody's"), Standard and Poor's Ratings Group ("S&P") or any other internationally recognized rating agency (a "Rating Agency"), then the words "materially weaker" in line 6 of Section 5(b)(v) shall mean that the Credit Rating of such party (or, if applicable, the Credit Support Provider of such party) shall be rated lower than Baa3 by Moody's, or lower than BBB- by S&P or, in the event that there is no Credit Rating by either Moody's or S&P applicable to such party (or, if applicable, the Credit Support Provider of such party) but such party's long-term indebtedness or deposits is or are rated by a Rating Agency, lower than a rating equi-valent to the foregoing by such Rating Agency.
For purposes of Section 5(b)(v), it is understood and agreed between the parties that in respect of Party B, any merger, consolidation, or other transaction permitted under Section 9.6 of the Revolving Credit Agreement shall not constitute a "Designated Event" under such Section.
(5)	 The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(6) "Termination Currency" will have the meaning set forth in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(7)	 Additional Termination Event will apply. It shall constitute an Additional Termination Event in respect of which Party B will be the sole Affected Party and all Transactions will be Affected Transactions (a) if at any time the obligations of Party B under the Revolving Credit Agreement shall become secured and/or shall become guaranteed by any subsidiary of Party B owning any material assets, and the obligations of Party B under this Agreement are not equally and ratably secured and/or guaranteed to the same extent, or (b) if there shall occur any Event of Default, default, termination event, or similar condition or event (however described) under any of the Credit Agreements and, as a result and other than pursuant to its terms, the unpaid principal balance of any loans made pursuant to such Credit Agreement are declared or become due and payable.
As used herein, "Credit Agreements" means (i) the Credit Agreement, dated as of September 26, 2012, among Party B, as Borrower, Regions Bank, as Administrative Agent, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and U.S. Bank, National Association, as Co-Syndication Agents, and the Lenders from time to time party thereto (as amended and as the same may be further amended, amended and restated, replaced, refinanced, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time) (the "Revolving Credit Agreement"), and (ii) any other credit agreement or loan agreement under which Party B is a borrower (or under which a subsidiary of Party B is the borrower and Party B is a guarantor and which credit agreement or loan agreement is either unsecured or, if secured, is only secured to the same extent as the Revolving Credit Agreement) which contains any financial covenants applicable to Party B that are substantially similar to the financial covenants set forth in the Revolving Credit Agreement.
(8)	 Additional Condition Precedent. For the purposes of Section 2(a)(iii) it shall be a condition precedent that no Additional Termination Event as described in clause (7) of this Part 1 with respect to the other party shall have occurred and be continuing. If a party ("X") (A) exercises its rights in connection with Section 2(a)(iii) and elects not to make any payment or delivery specified in a Confirmation to be made by it for thirty (30) Local Business Days, and (B) if the underlying condition is an Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Additional Termination Event where the other party to this Agreement ("Y") is the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party, as the case may be, and X does not designate an Early Termination Date in connection with such Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Additional Termination Event by the end of such thirty Local Business Day period, then the right to declare such Early Termination Date shall be deemed waived and X shall resume all payment and delivery obligations.
Part 2: Tax Representations
(1)	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B each hereby make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement or amounts payable hereunder that may be considered to be interest for United States federal income tax purposes) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement.
In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(2)	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B each hereby make the following representations:
(i)	 Party A represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is not acting as an agent for a person this is not a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
(ii)	 Party B represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes and is not acting as an agent for a person this is not a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Part 3: Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a)	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
A complete and accurate United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any applicable successor form), in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the other Party, (I) upon execution of this Agreement; (II) promptly upon reasonable demand of the other Party, and (III) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by such Party has become obsolete or incorrect (and each such form is hereby identified for purposes of Section 3(d) of this Agreement).
(b) Other documents to be delivered are:
Party requiredto deliverdocument Form/Document/Certificate Date by whichto be delivered	 Covered bySection 3(d)Representation Party A and Party B	 Annual Report containing consolidated financial statements certified by independent certified public accountants and prepared in accordance with GAAP	 Upon request but in no event earlier than the date required to be provided under the Revolving Credit Agreement, except to the extent otherwise publicly available	 Yes Party B	 Unaudited consolidated financial statements of Party B for a fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with GAAP	 Upon request but in no event earlier than the date required to be provided under the Revolving Credit Agreement, except to the extent otherwise publicly available	 Yes Party B	 Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement	 Yes Party A and Party B	 Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement, Confirmations and each Credit Support Document (as applicable)	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party	 Yes Party B	 Guaranty (as specified in Part 4(5) of this Schedule)	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement	 No Party B	 Certified copies of all corporate (or other) authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of the Guaranty by each Guarantor	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter as applicable	 Yes
Part 4: Miscellaneous
(1) Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notice or communications to Party A:
Any notice relating to a particular Transaction shall be delivered to the address or facsimile number specified in the Confirmation of such Transaction.
Any notice delivered for purposes of Sections 5 and 6 of this Agreement shall be delivered to the following address:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
Attention: Legal Department - Derivatives Practice Group
277 Park Avenue, 13th Floor
New York, New York 10167
Facsimile No.: (646) 534-6393
Address for notice or communications to Party B:
Wells Core Office Income Operating Partnership, L.P.
Attention: Douglas P. Williams
6200 The Corners Parkway
Norcross, Georgia 30092-2265
Facsimile No.: (770) 243-8124
with a copy to: McKenna Long & Aldridge LLP
Attention: William F. Timmons, Esq.
303 Peachtree Street, NE
Suite 5300
Atlanta, GA 30308
Facsimile No.: (404) 527-4198
(2)	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(3) Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(4) Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10 of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through any Office specified in a Confirmation.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(5)	 Credit Support Document. The Guaranty (the "Guaranty") of the Credit Support Providers dated as of the date hereof in favor of Party A and in the form appended hereto shall constitute a "Credit Support Document" in relation to all of the obligations of Party B and for all purposes of this Agreement.
(6) Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party B, each Guarantor (as defined in the Guaranty).
Party B agrees that if at any time any additional entity becomes a Guarantor under the Guaranty (as each such term is defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement), Party B shall promptly cause such entity to deliver a guaranty substantially in the form of the Guaranty, or cause such entity to become a party to the Guaranty.
(7)	 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(8)	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement to all Transactions starting from the date of this Agreement.
(9) "Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(10) Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c) of this Agreement:
"Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A, none.
"Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party B, none.
(11)	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) of this Agreement will apply to this Agreement.
(12)	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following will each constitute an Additional Representation:
(h) Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(i) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(iii) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv) Other Transactions. It understands and acknowledges that the other party may, either in connection with entering into a Transaction or from time to time thereafter, engage in open market transactions that are designed to hedge or reduce the risks incurred by it in connection with such Transaction and that the effect of such open market transactions may be to affect or reduce the value of such Transaction.
(13)	 Eligible Contract Participant. Each party represents to the other party (which representation will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into) that it is an "eligible contract participant", as defined in the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000.
(14)	 Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties and their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
Part 5: Other Provisions
(1)	 Change of Accounts. Section 2(b) of this Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following after the word "delivery" in the first line thereof: "to another account in the same legal and tax jurisdiction as the original account."
(2)	 Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document. Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other party or any Credit Support Provider has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such a suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into this Agreement and provide for any Credit Support Document, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section.
(3)	 ISDA Definitions. Reference is hereby made to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "2006 Definitions") and the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions") (collectively the "ISDA Definitions") each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., which are hereby incorporated by reference herein. Any terms used and not otherwise defined herein which are contained in the ISDA Definitions shall have the meaning set forth therein.
(4)	 Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(5)	 Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between any of the following documents, the relevant document first listed below shall govern:
(i) a Confirmation; (ii) the Schedule and Paragraph 11 or Paragraph 13 of an ISDA Credit Support Annex (as applicable); (iii) the ISDA Definitions; and (iv) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement and ISDA Credit Support Annex (as applicable). In the event of any inconsistency between provisions contained in the 2006 Definitions and the FX Definitions, the FX Definitions shall prevail.
[Remainder of this Page Intentionally Left Blank]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Schedule by their duly authorized signatories as of the date hereof.
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.
By:  /s/ Christine A. Smith  Name: Chrstine A. Smith Title: Vice President WELLS CORE OFFICE INCOME OPERATING PARTNERSHIP, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership By: Wells Core Office Income REIT, Inc.,  its General Partner
By:  /s/ Douglas P. Williams  Name: Douglas P. Williams Title: Executive Vice President
