SCHEDULE to the 2002 ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT dated as of December 29, 2015
between
U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION
( "Party A")
and
MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P.
( "Party B")
Part  1. Termination Provisions.
(a)                                 " Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	  Not Applicable and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	  Not Applicable
(b) " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14.
(c) The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided, that
(i) the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared" shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and
(ii) the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "provided, however, that an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2) above if the default, event of default, or other similar condition or event referred to in (1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is caused not by the unavailability of funds but is caused solely due to a technical or administrative error which has been remedied within three Local Business Days after a notice of such failure is given to the party."
" Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of the Agreement except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
" Threshold Amount" means in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the shareholders' equity of U.S. Bancorp; and in relation to Party B, $50,000,000.
(d) The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B, except that Section 5(b)(v)(3) shall not apply to Party A or Party B.
(e) The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(g) Additional Termination Event does not apply.
Part  2. Tax Representations.
(a) Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) Payee Tax Representations.
For the purposes of Section 3(f), Party A makes the following representations:
Party A represents that it is a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States and is a United States resident for federal income tax purposes.
For purposes of Section 3(f), Party B makes the following representations:
Party B represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Part  3.
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a) Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered under Section 4(a) are:
Party  required to deliver document 	    	  Forms/Documents/Certificates 	    	  Date  by which to be delivered Party A and Party B 	    	  An executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor thereto), as applicable. 	    	  (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable request by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
Party A and Party B 	    	  Any form, document or certificate reasonably requested by the other party in order for such other party to be able to make payments hereunder without withholding for or on account of Taxes or with such withholding at a reduced rate. 	    	  Upon earlier of (i) reasonable demand (ii) the other party learning that the form or document is required.
(b) Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date  by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered  by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	    	  Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 	    	  Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement 	    	  Yes Party A and Party B 	    	  Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and each confirmation. 	    	  Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party. 	    	  Yes
Part  4. Miscellaneous.
(a)                                 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a):
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
For interest rate products:
U.S. Bank National Association Attention: Derivative Operations 190 South LaSalle Street, 9th Floor Mail Location: MK-IL-SL9M Chicago, Illinois 60603 Telephone: (312) 332-7644
Fax Within US & Canada:  (855) 203-9959 Fax Outside US & Canada: (651) 312-2416 E-mail: Derivatives.documents@usbank.com
For foreign exchange products:
U.S. Bank National Association Attention: Erin Peterson Foreign Exchange U.S. Bancorp Center 800 Nicollet Mall Mail Location: BC-MN-H24X Minneapolis, Minnesota 55402
(612) 303-4790 Phone
(612) 303-4789 Fax E-mail: erin.peterson4@usbank.com
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	  MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P.
343 Thornall Street, 8th Floor Edison, NJ 08837-2206 Attention: 	  William Fitzpatrick Phone: 	  732.590.1510 Fax: 	  732.205.8237 Email: 	  bfitzpatrick@mack-cali.com With a copy to:
Address: 	  Chatham Financial Corporation 235 Whitehorse Lane Kennett Square, PA 19348 Attention: 	  Paul Elsen Phone: 	  484-731-0427 Email: 	  pelsen@chathamfinancial.com
(b) Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c):
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(c) Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c):
Party A is not a Multibranch Party.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A ,  unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Party A, in which case Party B may appoint a Leading Dealer to act as substitute Calculation Agent for so long as such Event of Default is continuing.  A "Leading Dealer" means a leading dealer in the relevant market that is not an Affiliate of either of the parties and is reasonably acceptable to Party A (and Party A's acceptance will be deemed given if Party A fails to respond to Party B's request within 5 Business Days).
(f) Credit Support Document. Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party A, none and, in relation to Party B, none.
(g) Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A, none and, in relation to Party B, none.
(h) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(i) Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement; provided, that Party A and Party B may agree from time to time that Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply to certain specific Transactions.
(j) " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k) Absence of Litigation . For the purpose of Section 3(c):
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None.
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, None.
(l) No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(m) Additional Representation will apply. For the purposes of Section 3 of this Agreement each the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
(i) Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it is based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.
(2) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(4) Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act
(n) Recording of Conversations. Each party consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction and agrees, to the extent permitted by the applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence to any court or legal proceedings for the purpose of establishing any matters relating to this Agreement.
Part  5. Other Provisions.
(a) Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(b) Dodd-Frank Information. In accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Agreement, each Party agrees to promptly provide the other Party with any information reasonably requested by such other Party to enable such other Party to comply with Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and CFTC Regulations in connection with any Transaction outstanding between the Parties under this Agreement.
(f) Record-keeping . Each Party shall comply with the applicable recordkeeping requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation 45.2(b). Each Party shall also comply with the applicable recordkeeping retention and retrieval requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 45.2(c), (d), (e) and (h). In accordance with U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") Regulation 45.8, Party A shall be the "reporting counterparty" (as that term is defined in CFTC Regulation 45.1) with respect to all Transactions under this Agreement. As the "reporting counterparty," Party A will provide and report to a registered a "swap data repository" as defined in Section 1a(48) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and CFTC Regulations all of the information and data required to be reported under CFTC Regulations with respect to the Transactions and events under this Agreement.
(c) Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Transaction.
(d) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
(e) Transfer .  Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 7 of this Agreement, Party B may transfer all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all Transactions and Confirmations hereunder) to another entity (the "Transferee") upon notice but without the
consent of Party A only if: (i) such transfer will not result in the violation of any law, regulation, rule, judgment, order or other legal limitation or restriction applicable to Party A; (ii) such transfer will not result in a violation of Party A's counterparty eligibility or credit practices or policies or credit exposure limitations; and (iii) such transfer does not result in any adverse tax consequences to Party A, including the obligation to deduct or withhold an amount with respect to any tax from payments required to be made to the Transferee, the receipt of payments from the Transferee from which amounts with respect to any tax may be deducted or withheld or the imposition of any tax, levy, impost, duty charge, or fee of any nature by any government or taxing authority which would not have been imposed but for such transfer.
(f) Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation in all material respects of the financial condition of the relevant person."
(g) 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 16 and Section 6 of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 15th July, 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement.
(h) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a)(Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 shall not include any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections ("FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, the FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for purposes of Section 2(d).
(i) Incorporation of 2006 ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions ("2006 Definitions") each as published by the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc., are incorporated into any Confirmation which supplements and forms part of this Agreement, and all capitalised terms used in a Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in the 2006 Definitions, unless otherwise defined in a Confirmation. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the 2006 Definitions, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply, and in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and a Confirmation, the provisions of the Confirmation shall apply.
(j) Protocol Covered Agreement. For purposes of the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement published on August 13, 2012, and the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement published on March 22, 2013 (the "Protocol Agreement"), the parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall constitute a Protocol Covered Agreement as defined under the Protocol Agreement.
(k) Exchange of Confirmations. For each Transaction entered into hereunder, Party A shall promptly send to Party B a Confirmation, via mail, facsimile, email or electronic transmission. Party B agrees to respond to such Confirmation within two (2) Business Days, either confirming agreement thereto or requesting a correction of any error(s) contained therein. Failure by Party B to respond within such period shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such Transaction and shall be deemed to be accepted and correct, absent manifest error. The parties agree that any such mail, facsimile, email or electronic transmissions shall constitute a Confirmation for all purposes hereunder.
PART  6: Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Currency Option Transactions.
(a) Incorporation of Definitions.  The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions) and Currency Option Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions). Terms defined in the FX Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.
(b) Scope and Confirmations.   Any confirmation in respect of any FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction into which the parties may enter, or may have entered into prior to the date hereof, that fails by its terms to expressly exclude the application of this Agreement shall (to the extent not otherwise provided for in this Agreement) (i) constitute a "Confirmation" as referred to in this Agreement even where not so specified in such confirmation and (ii) supplement form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement, and all provisions in this Agreement will govern such Confirmation except as modified therein.  Without limitation of the forgoing, where an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system or by means of facsimile or telex (whether manually or automatically generated) or other document or confirming evidence shall constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement even where not so specified therein.
(c) Automatic Exercise.   Section 3.6(c) of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words "equal or" from the fifth line and by replacing the words "the product of (i) one percent of the Strike Price multiplied by ( ii ) the Call Currency Amount or the Put Currency Amount, as appropriate" with "zero". Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation, "Automatic Exercise" will apply to any Currency Option Transaction under this agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this document.
