SCHEDULE to the 2002 ISDA Master Agreement
dated as of October 5, 2018
between
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A.
("Party A" or "Counterparty")
and
VERIZON OWNER TRUST 2018-A ("Party B" or "Trust")
Part 1. Termination Provisions
(a) 	  "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), Not applicable Section 5(a)(vi), Not applicable Section 5(a)(vii), Not applicable Section 5(b)(v), Not applicable
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), Not applicable Section 5(a)(vi), Not applicable Section 5(a)(vii), Not applicable Section 5(b)(v), Not applicable
(b) 	  "Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c) 	  The "Default Under Specified Transaction" provisions of Section 5(a)(v) will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(d) 	  The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will not apply to Party A and Party B.
(e) 	  No Bankruptcy Petition. The Counterparty agrees, for itself and any Affiliate of the Counterparty, that, prior to the date that is two years and one day after the payment in full of all the obligations of the Trust under the Indenture, no such entity shall acquiesce, petition or otherwise, directly or indirectly, invoke, or cause the Trust to invoke, the process of any Governmental Authority for the purpose of (i) commencing or sustaining a case against the Trust under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency or similar law (including the Bankruptcy Code), (ii) appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official for the Trust, or any substantial part of its property, or (iii) ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Trust; provided that the foregoing shall not be deemed to prevent the Indenture Trustee from filing a proof of claim in any such proceeding. The provisions of this
Part 1(e) will survive termination of this Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Indenture.
(f) 	  Events of Default and Termination Events.
(i) 	  The "Events of Default" specified in Sections 5(a)(ii), 5(a)(iii), 5(a)(iv) and 5(a)(v) shall not apply to Party B, except that Section 5(a)(iii)(1) will apply in respect of Party B's obligations under the Credit Support Annex.
(g) 	  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5(a)(iii)(1) or Paragraph 7(i) of the Credit Support Annex, the failure of Party A to post collateral in accordance with the Credit Support Annex will not constitute an Event of Default, but rather will constitute an Additional Termination Event under Part 1(l)(i), (ii) or (iii) as applicable.
(h) 	  Bankruptcy definition in relation to Party B. With respect to the Party B only, Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy) is deemed to be amended such that:
(i) 	  Section 5(a)(vii)(2), (7) and (9) will not apply in respect of Party B;
(ii) 	  Section 5(a)(vii)(3) will not apply in respect of Party B to the extent that it refers to any assignment, arrangement or composition that is effected by or pursuant to the Transaction Documents;
(iii) 	  Section 5(a)(vii)(4) will not apply in respect of Party B to the extent that it refers to proceedings or petitions instituted or presented by Party A or any of Party A's Affiliates;
(iv) 	  Section 5(a)(vii)(6) will not apply in respect of Party B to the extent that it refers to (a) any appointment that is effected by or pursuant to the Transaction Documents or (b) any appointment that the Issuer has not become subject to; and
(v) 	  Section 5(a)(vii)(8) will apply to Party B but only to the extent that it applies to Sections 5(a)(vii)(1), (3), (4), (5) and (6) as amended above.
(i) 	  The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(j) 	  The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and Party B.
(k) 	  Payments on Early Termination. For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement:
(i) To the extent that the Counterparty is required to pay any Termination Payment to the Trust, it will be payable on the day following the day that notice of the amount payable is given to the Counterparty.
(ii) To the extent that the Trust is required to pay any Termination Payment to the Counterparty, where the Counterparty is the Defaulting Party or sole Affected Party, the Trust shall pay such Termination Payment subordinate to payments on the Notes, in accordance with Section 8.2 of the Indenture.
(l) 	  "Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(m) 	  "Additional Termination Event" will apply to Party A. The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an Additional Termination Event, Party A shall be the sole Affected Party and all Transactions shall be Affected Transactions:
(i) S&P Collateral Remedy Period Event. An Initial S&P Ratings Event or Subsequent S&P Ratings Event occurs and Party A does not take the measures described in Part 5(k)(1)(A) or Part 5(k)(2)(A) below as required on or prior to the last day of the Collateral Remedy Period (as applicable) unless at such time Party A has successfully procured one of the measures described in 5(k)(1)(B)(i) or (ii) or Part 5(k)(2)(B)(i) or (ii), as the case may be.
(ii) S&P Non-Collateral Remedy Period Event. A Subsequent S&P Ratings Event occurs and Party A does not successfully procure one of the measures described in Part 5(k)(2)(B)(i) or (ii) below following a Subsequent S&P Ratings Event within the Non-Collateral Remedy Period and Party A has received an offer that was, when made, capable of becoming legally binding upon acceptance, from a counterparty that would qualify as an Eligible Replacement, to enter into replacement transactions with Party A in respect of the Affected Transactions.
(iii) Fitch Downgrade Event. Party A fails to comply with the provisions of Part 5(l) herein.
(n) 	  "Additional Termination Event" will apply to Party B. The occurrence of the following event shall constitute an Additional Termination Event, in respect of which Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and all Transaction shall be Affected Transactions:
The Class A Notes have been declared immediately due and payable.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6(b)(iv)(1) of the Agreement, if Party A has not, on or prior to the second Local Business Day following Party B's giving of the notice specified in Section 6(b)(i) of the Agreement in respect of the foregoing Additional Termination Event, given notice pursuant to Section 6(b)(iv)(1) to designate an Early Termination Date, then Party B may, if such event is then continuing, by not more than 20 days' notice to Party A designate a day not earlier than the day such notice is effective as the Early Termination Date for all Affected Transactions. For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in the preceding sentence shall modify provisions of the Agreement governing the effects of such notice or the determination of the Early Termination Amount by Party A as the Non-affected Party.
Part 2. Representations
(a) 	  Basic Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(a)(iii) and Section 3(a)(v) of this Agreement, Party A's representations are given, with respect to the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), and Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), on the assumption of the accuracy of Party B's representations and warranties in Part 4(o) of this Schedule.
(b) 	  Payer Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will each make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of
this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on sub-clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(c) 	  Payee Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement,
(i) 	  Party A makes the following representation:
(A) It is a national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, is an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii)(M), and its federal taxpayer identification number is 94-1687665.
(B) It is a "U.S. person" (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
(ii) 	  Party B makes the following representations:
(A) For United States federal income tax purposes, it is acting as a security device on behalf various Verizon affiliates listed on Schedule I hereto (each a "Verizon Affiliate") and holds assets and enters into agreements as a nominee on behalf of each Verizon Affiliate.
(B) Each Verizon Affiliate is a "U.S. person" (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii).
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(a) 	  Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered:
Party required to deliver document 	  Form/Document/Certificate 	  Date by which to be delivered Party A 	  A valid complete, accurate and executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or any successor of such form including appropriate attachments. 	  (i) Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any form previously provided to the other party has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
Party B 	  A valid complete, accurate and  	  (i) Upon execution and delivery of this
Party required to deliver document 	  Form/Document/Certificate 	  Date by which to be delivered executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 from each Verizon Affiliate listed on Schedule I hereto, or any successor of such form. 	  Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any form previously provided to the other party has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
(b) 	  Other documents to be delivered:
Party Required to Deliver Document 	  Form / Document / Certificate 	  Date by which Document shall be Delivered 	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	  A certificate (including a photocopy or facsimile copy thereof) executed by a duly authorized officer of the party certifying the name, authentic signature and authority of each person executing this Agreement or any Confirmation on its behalf. 	  Upon execution of this Agreement and in the case of a Confirmation, upon request by the other party. 	  Yes.
Party A 	  Most recent annual audited financial statements of Party A, prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which the party is organized. 	  Within 120 days after the end of the relevant fiscal year. 	  Yes.
Party B 	  Evidence of necessary corporate or other authorizations and approvals with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 	  Upon execution of this Agreement. 	  Yes.
Party B 	  Amended and Restated Trust Agreement of Party B. 	  Upon execution of this Agreement. 	  Yes.
Part 4. Miscellaneous
(a) 	  Address for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
1133 Avenue of the Americas
42nd Floor, NY1-533-42-01
New York, NY 10036-6710
Attention: Agreements & Documentation
Facsimile No.: (212) 548-8622
With a copy to the following address:-
Email: dg.dggmgcidfaxnotices@bofasecurities.com
With respect to a Transaction, to the address specified in the relevant Confirmation.
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Verizon Owner Trust 2018-A c/o: Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless One Verizon Way Basking Ridge, NJ 07920 Attn: Kee Chan Sin Fax: (908) 630-2615 Telephone: (908) 559-5870 Email: kee.chan.sin@one.verizon.com
With a mandatory copy of any notice pursuant to Section 5 or Section 6 to:
Verizon Owner Trust 2018-A c/o: Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless One Verizon Way Basking Ridge, NJ 07920 Attn: Legal Department
(b) 	  Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(c) 	  Offices. The provision of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	  Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and for purposes of this Agreement may act through the
following Office: Charlotte.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	  Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A, unless otherwise specified in the Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction; provided, however, if Party A is the Defaulting Party, the Calculation Agent shall be a leading dealer in the market for interest rate derivatives selected by Party B (or any designated third party mutually agreed to in writing by the parties) until such time as Party A is no longer a Defaulting Party. The parties shall endeavor to resolve any disputes regarding the Calculation Agent's determination in good faith. If the parties are unable to resolve such dispute within a commercially reasonable time, the parties shall mutually select a dealer in the applicable instrument to act as Calculation Agent with respect to the issue in dispute.
(f) 	  Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:
The Counterparty: 	  The Credit Support Annex between the parties hereto annexed hereto which supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, this Agreement, as amended from time to time.
Any guarantee (including any Eligible Guarantee as defined in Parts 5(t)(4) and 5(t)(5) hereof) of the Counterparty's obligations hereunder procured by the Counterparty in compliance with this Agreement.
The Trust: 	  The Credit Support Annex between the parties hereto annexed hereto which supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, this Agreement, as amended from time to time, solely in respect to the Trust's obligations under Paragraph 3(b), Paragraph 6 and Paragraph 8(d) of the Credit Support Annex.
(g) 	  Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means:
(i) 	  in relation to Party A: The guarantor under any guarantee (including any Eligible Guarantee) of the Counterparty's obligations hereunder procured by the Counterparty in compliance with this Agreement.
(ii) 	  in relation to Party B: Not applicable
(h) 	  Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to conflicts of law principles but without prejudice to Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York).
(i) 	  Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement.
(j) 	  "Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement, provided that Party B will be deemed to have no Affiliates for purposes of this Agreement.
(k) 	  Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c): "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, none, and in relation to Party B, none.
(l) 	  Section 3(a) of this Agreement is amended by inserting the following additional representations:
"(vi) Eligible Contract Participant. Each party represents to the other party which representation will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into) that it is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended from time to time.
(vii) Party B is not a "Special Entity" as such term is defined in the U.S.
Commodity Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder."
(m) 	  No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(n) 	  Additional Representations will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following shall constitute Additional Representations:
(i) 	  Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1) 	  Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(2) 	  Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3) 	  Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(o) 	  No Plan Assets. Party B represents and warrants to Party A (which representation and warranty will be deemed to be repeated by Party B at all times until the termination of this Agreement and will be deemed a representation and agreement for all purposes of this Agreement, including without limitation Sections 3, 4, 5(a)(ii) and 5(a)(iv)) that the assets of Party B do not and will not constitute the assets of an employee benefit plan subject to Title I of ERISA or a "plan" within the meaning of Section 4975(e)(i) of the Code.
(p) 	  Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
(q) 	  Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
Part 5. Other Provisions
(a) 	  Security Interest. Notwithstanding Section 7 of this Agreement, Party A hereby acknowledges and consents to the assignment (by way of security or otherwise) by Party B of its rights, title and interest in, under and to this Agreement (without prejudice to, and after giving effect to, any contractual netting provision contained in this Agreement) to the Security Trustee (or any successor thereto) pursuant to and in accordance with the Transaction Documents and acknowledges notice of such assignment.
(b) 	  ISDA Definitions. Reference is hereby made to the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA Definitions"), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., which shall be incorporated by reference into this Agreement. Any terms used and not otherwise defined herein that are contained in the ISDA Definitions shall have the meaning set forth therein.
(c) 	  Inconsistency. Section 1(b) ("Inconsistency") is modified to provide that in the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement (including this Schedule) and the ISDA Definitions referred to above, this Agreement will control. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation and this Agreement (including this Schedule) or the ISDA Definitions, such Confirmation will control for the purpose of the relevant Transaction.
(d) 	  Change of Account. The following proviso is inserted at the end of Section 2(b) after "change":
"; provided that if such new account shall not be in the same jurisdiction having the power to tax as the original account, the party not changing its account shall not be obliged to pay any greater amounts and shall not receive less as a result of such change than would have been the case if such change had not taken place."
(e) 	  ISDA 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 18 and Section 6 of the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc. on 15th July 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement. References in those definitions and provisions to a "2002 Master" will be deemed to be references to this Master Agreement.
(f) 	  Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(b) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
(g) 	  No Set-Off.
(i) 	  All payments under this Agreement shall be made without set-off or counterclaim, except as expressly provided for in Section 2(c) or Section 6.
(ii) 	  The following sentence is hereby added to the end of Section 6(e): "Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section, if a Party (the "Paying Party") would, but for this Section 6(e), be required to pay an amount pursuant to this Section, it may, by giving written notice to the other Party, cause the amount so payable to be reduced by the lesser of (i) such amount and (ii) the aggregate amount payable to the Paying Party pursuant to any demands made under Section 11 on or before the Early Termination Date."
(h) 	  ISDA August 2012 and March 2013 DF Protocol Agreements. No Transactions shall be entered into under this Agreement unless and until such time as (a) both parties have adhered to both the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement published on August 13, 2012 and the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement published on March 22, 2013 (the "Protocol Agreements") by delivery to ISDA of an Adherence Letter and (b) each party has delivered to the other party a Questionnaire (in the case of the Questionnaire delivered by the Trust, completed in a manner that is reasonably satisfactory to Party A). For the purposes of this paragraph (i), the terms "Adherence Letter" and "Questionnaire" shall have the meaning given to them in the Protocol Agreements.
(i) 	  Notice by Facsimile Transmission. Section 12(a) is hereby amended by (i) inserting the words "2(b)," between the word "Section" and the number "5", (ii) replacing the word "or" with "," after the number "5", and (iii) inserting the words "or 13(c)" between the number "6" and the word "may" in the second line thereof.
(j) 	  Offices. Each party that enters into a Transaction through a branch or office other than its head or home office represents to the other party that, notwithstanding the place of the booking office or jurisdiction of incorporation or organization of such party, the obligations of such party (other than tax withholding and reporting obligations) are the same as if it had entered into the Transaction through its head or home office. The representation will be deemed to be repeated by such party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into.
(k) 	  Downgrade or Withdrawal of Party A's or Credit Support Provider's Rating by S&P.
(1) S&P Options.
This Agreement sets out four options for the definition of Initial S&P Ratings Event, Subsequent S&P Ratings Event and Credit Support Amount (in each case, being "Option 1", "Option 2", "Option 3" and "Option 4" (each as set forth in the S&P Ratings Table) respectively and each an "S&P Option." On the date of this Schedule, the provisions relating to Option 1 shall apply to this Agreement. After the date of this Schedule, the S&P Option may be amended in accordance with Part 5(j)(2) below.
(2) S&P Option Substitution Provisions.
Party A may, upon not less than one Business Days' notice to the Trust and S&P, (a "S&P Option Switch Notice"), elect that (a) Option 1, Option 2, Option 3 or Option 4 shall apply instead of the previously applicable S&P Option.
With effect from the Business Day following the date the S&P Option Switch Notice is effective (such date, the "Substitution Effective Date"), the definitions of "Initial S&P Required Rating", "Subsequent S&P Required Rating" and "Credit Support Amount" (as defined in the Credit Support Annex) shall be deemed to have been amended to the equivalent definitions as set out below corresponding to the relevant option elected. The right of Party A to make an election
pursuant to this Part 5(j)(2) is subject to the following conditions being satisfied on the Substitution Effective Date:
(A) no Event of Default or Termination Event has occurred with respect to which Party A is a Defaulting Party or an Affected Party, as the case may be;
(B) no Subsequent S&P Ratings Event would occur as a result of the election; and
(C) the Substitution Effective Date may not occur during any extension to the Collateral Remedy Period or Non Collateral Remedy Period pursuant to sub- paragraph (ii) of the definitions thereof.
(l) 	  S&P Ratings Downgrade Events.
(1) Initial S&P Ratings Event. In the event that neither Party A nor any Relevant Entity has the Initial S&P Required Rating (an "Initial S&P Ratings Event"), then:
(A) Party A shall, within the Collateral Remedy Period, post collateral in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex (unless Option 3 or Option 4 has been elected in accordance with the S&P Option Substitution Provisions set forth above, in which case this sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply); and
(B) Party A may, at any time following the occurrence of such Initial S&P Ratings Event, at its own discretion and at its own cost:
(i) transfer all of its rights and obligations with respect to this Agreement to an S&P Eligible Replacement by means of a Permitted Transfer; or
(ii) procure another person that is an S&P Eligible Replacement to become a co-obligor or guarantor, with any guarantee complying with S&P relevant guarantee criteria, in respect of the obligations of Party A.
The actions set out in sub-paragraphs 5(k)(1)(A) and (B) above shall be "Remedial Actions."
Without prejudice to any replacement, co-obligor or guarantor's third party's obligations to post collateral or take other action if it does not have the Initial S&P Required Rating, Party A will not be required to transfer any collateral in respect of such Initial S&P Ratings Event pursuant to sub- paragraph 5(k)(1)(A) above following completing a Permitted Transfer in accordance with the provisions in sub-paragraphs 5(k)(1)(B)(i) or obtaining a guarantee or co-obligor from an S&P Eligible Replacement in accordance with the provisions in sub-paragraphs 5(k)(1)(B)(ii) above and any Posted Credit Support (as defined in Paragraph 12 of the Credit Support Annex) shall be transferred to Party A in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.
Following the occurrence of an Initial S&P Ratings Event (that is continuing), Party A shall, upon reasonable request of the Trust or S&P, provide notice, updates and evidence as to the actions it has taken to implement any of the measures in sub-paragraph 5(k)(1) above.
(2) S&P Subsequent Ratings Event. In the event that neither Party A nor any Relevant Entity has the Subsequent S&P Required Rating (a "Subsequent S&P Ratings Event"), then:
(A) Party A shall, within the Collateral Remedy Period, post collateral in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex (unless Option 4 has been elected in accordance with the S&P Option Substitution Provisions set forth above, in which case this sub-paragraph (A) shall not apply); and
(B) Party A shall use commercially reasonable efforts, within the applicable Non-Collateral Remedy Period and at its own cost, to:
(i) transfer all of its rights and obligations with respect to this Agreement to an S&P Eligible Replacement by means of a Permitted Transfer; or
(ii) procure, subject to confirmation by S&P, an S&P Eligible Replacement to become a co-obligor or guarantor, with any guarantee complying with S&P's relevant guarantee criteria, in respect of the obligations of Party A.
The actions set out in sub-paragraphs 5(k)(2)(A) and (B) above shall be "Remedial Actions."
Without prejudice to any replacement, co-obligor or guarantor's third party's obligations to post collateral or take other action if it does not have the Initial S&P Required Rating, Party A will not be required to transfer any collateral in respect of such Subsequent S&P Ratings Event pursuant to sub- paragraph 5(k)(2)(A) above following completing a Permitted Transfer in accordance with the provisions in sub-paragraphs 5(k)(1)(B)(i) or obtaining a guarantee or a co-obligor from an S&P Eligible Replacement in accordance with the provisions in sub-paragraphs 5(k)(1)(B)(ii) above and any Posted Credit Support (as defined in Paragraph 12 of the Credit Support Annex) shall be transferred to Party A in accordance with the terms of the Credit Support Annex.
Following the occurrence of a Subsequent S&P Ratings Event (that is continuing), Party A shall, upon reasonable request of the Trust or S&P, provide notice, updates and evidence as to the actions it has taken to implement any of the measures in sub-paragraph 5(k)(2) above.
(m) 	  Fitch Ratings Downgrade Event. In the event that Counterparty, the guarantor under an Eligible Guarantee or an Eligible Replacement, as applicable, does not have credit ratings at least equal to the First Trigger Required Ratings from Fitch (such event, a "First Trigger Downgrade Event"), then the Counterparty shall, as soon as reasonably practicable and so long as a First Trigger Downgrade Event is in effect, at its own expense, within 14 calendar days after the occurrence of such an event, post collateral pursuant to, and subject to the terms of, the Credit Support Annex. The Counterparty may also, so long as a First Trigger Downgrade Event is in effect, at its own expense, within 30 days after the occurrence of such event, procure either (I) a Permitted Transfer or (II) an Eligible Guarantee; provided that upon procuring either a Permitted Transfer or an Eligible Guarantee, Counterparty shall be entitled to a return of collateral posted pursuant to the prior sentence. In the event that Counterparty, the guarantor under an Eligible Guarantee or an Eligible Replacement, as applicable, does not have credit ratings at least equal to the Second Trigger Required Ratings from Fitch (such event, a "Required Ratings Downgrade Event"), then the Counterparty shall, as soon as reasonably practicable and so long as a Required Ratings Downgrade Event is in effect (but in no event later than 30 days after the occurrence of such event), at its own expense, procure either (A) a Permitted Transfer or (B) an Eligible Guarantee. If Counterparty fails to comply with the provisions of this Section 5(l) the Trust may declare an Additional Termination Event (in which event the Counterparty shall be the sole Affected Party). For the avoidance of doubt, after the occurrence of a Required Ratings Downgrade Event and while the Counterparty is taking the actions required by this Section 5(l) it shall continue to post collateral and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement.
(n) 	  Non-Recourse. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no recourse under any obligation, covenant or agreement of Party B contained in this Agreement shall be had against any shareholder, member, manager, officer, director, employee or agent of Party B, by the enforcement of any assessment or by any legal proceeding, by virtue of any statute or otherwise; it being expressly agreed and understood that this Agreement is an obligation of Party B, and that no personal liability shall attach to or be incurred by the shareholders, members, managers, officers, directors, employees or agents of Party B, as such, or any of them under or by reason of any of the obligations, covenants or agreements of Party B contained in this Agreement or implied therefrom and that any and all personal liability of each such shareholder, member, manager, officer, director, employee or agent for breaches by Party B of any of such obligations, covenants or agreements, is hereby expressly waived as a condition of and in consideration for the execution of this Agreement. Party A hereby acknowledges and agrees that notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, any obligation of Party B under this Agreement shall be payable solely to the extent that Available Funds are available therefor in accordance with the priority of payments set forth in the Indenture, provided that this limitation shall be without prejudice to Party A's entitlement to funds or securities credited to the Collateral Account, to the extent required to be returned to Party A pursuant to this Agreement or applicable law. The provisions of this Part 5(m) will survive termination of this Agreement. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meaning set forth in the Transfer and Servicing Agreement.
(o) 	  Consent to Disclosure. Party B consents to Party A effecting such disclosure as Party A may deem appropriate to enable Party A to transfer Party B's records and information to process and execute Party B's instructions, or in pursuance of Party A's or Party B's commercial interest, to any of its Affiliates. For the avoidance of doubt, Party B's consent to disclosure includes the right on the part of Party A to allow access to any intended recipient of Party B's information, to the records of Party A by any means.
(p) 	  Amendments, Counterparts and Confirmations. (i) Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 9(b) and 9(e) of this Agreement, any amendment hereto confirmed by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system shall be further evidenced by a written instrument signed by authorized signatories of both parties hereto.
(ii) 	  Section 9(e)(ii) is hereby amended by inserting the following at the end thereof:
"Each party has the right to request that originally executed Confirmations be exchanged within a reasonable period of time after transmission of Confirmation by an exchange of telexes, electronic messaging or facsimile, and such original copy of Confirmation may not be unreasonably withheld.
(iii) 	  For each Transaction hereunder, Party A shall promptly send to Party B a Confirmation. Party B agrees to respond to such Confirmation within one Local Business Day, either confirming agreement thereto or requesting correction of any error(s) contained therein. Failure by Party B to respond within such time period shall not affect the enforceability or validity of such Transaction. Absent manifest error, there shall be a presumption that the terms contained in such Confirmation are the terms of the Transaction. Notwithstanding Section 9(e)(ii), Confirmations may be executed and delivered in counterparts (including by facsimile transmission), each of which will be deemed an original.
(iv) 	  Restrictions on Amendments. Without the consent of the Counterparty, the Trust shall not enter into any amendment, modification or supplement to the Indenture that would materially adversely affect (i) the Counterparty's ability to enforce or protect its rights or remedies under this Agreement, (ii) the ability of the Trust to timely and fully perform its obligations under this Agreement or (iii) any of the Trust's obligations under this Agreement that relates to the Counterparty. No amendment, modification, or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless (A) evidenced by a writing executed by each party hereto. Prior to or simultaneous with the execution of any such amendment, modification or supplement, the Rating Agency Condition shall be satisfied with respect to such amendment.
(q) 	  USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Party A hereby notifies Party B that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "Act"), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Party B, which information includes the name and address of Party B and other information that will allow Party A to identify Party B in accordance with the Act.
(r) 	  Transfers.
(i) 	  Subject to Part 5(t)(ii), neither party may transfer (whether by way of security or otherwise) any interest or obligation in or under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party.
(ii) 	  Party B may transfer (whether by way of security or otherwise) any interest or obligation in or under this Agreement pursuant to the Transaction Documents.
(s) 	  Expenses. Section 11 shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following: "A Defaulting Party will, on demand, indemnify and hold harmless the other party for and against all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including legal fees and Stamp Tax, incurred by such other party by reason of the enforcement and protection of its rights under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which such Defaulting Party is a party or by reason of the early termination of any Transaction, including, but not limited to, costs of collection and costs incurred in connection with procuring a replacement for this Agreement (other than any amount paid or payable to a replacement counterparty). If, following the making of one or more demands under this Section 11, a reduction is effected pursuant to the last sentence of the first paragraph in Section 6(e), the aggregate amount payable in respect of such demands shall be deemed to be discharged to the extent of the amount of such reduction."
(t) 	  Definitions.
(1) "Indenture" means the Indenture, to be dated as of October 10, 2018, between the Trust and U.S. Bank National Association, as indenture trustee.
(2) "Transfer and Servicing Agreement" means the Transfer and Servicing Agreement, to be dated as of October 10, 2018, among the Trust, Verizon ABS LLC, as depositor, and Cellco Partnership d/b/a Verizon Wireless, as servicer, as marketing agent and as custodian.
(3) ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.), without regard to any revision or subsequent edition thereof, shall be incorporated into this Agreement and each Confirmation except as provided for thereof or in the Confirmation. In the event of any
inconsistency between the Definitions and the Agreement or any Confirmation, this Agreement or, as the case may be, such Confirmation, shall prevail.
(4) Local Business Day. The definition of "Local Business Day" in Section 14 of this Agreement shall be amended by the addition of the words "or any Credit Support Document" after "Section 2(a)(i)" and the addition of the words "or Credit Support Document" after the word "Confirmation" both times it appears in the definition.
(5) S&P Downgrade Definitions. For the purposes of Parts 1(l), 5(j) and 5(k) hereof, the following definitions apply:
A. "Collateral Remedy Period" means the period that commences on (and excludes) the date on which an Initial S&P Ratings Event or Subsequent S&P Ratings Event (as applicable) occurs and ends on (and includes) the later of
(i) the 10th Business Day following the date on which such event occurs or (ii) if the Counterparty has, on or before the 10th Business Day following the date on which such event occurs, submitted a written proposal for collateral posting to S&P and S&P has confirmed to the Counterparty that it will not take rating action as a result of such proposal, the 20th Business Day following the date on which such event occurs.
B. "Eligible Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of all present and future obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, including but not limited to payment obligations as well as obligations to post collateral) of the Counterparty or an Eligible Replacement to the Trust under this Agreement that is provided by an Eligible Guarantor as principal debtor rather than surety and is directly enforceable by the Trust, where (I) such guarantee provides that if a guaranteed obligation cannot be performed without an action being taken by the Counterparty, (II) (A), such guarantee provides that, in the event that any of such guarantor's payments to the Trust are subject to deduction or withholding for tax, such guarantor is required to pay such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Trust (free and clear of any tax) will equal the full amount the Trust would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required or (B) in the event that any payment (the "Primary Payment") under such guarantee is made net of deduction or withholding for tax, the Counterparty is required, under this Agreement, to make such additional payment (the "Additional Payment") as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Trust from the guarantor (free and clear of any tax) in respect of the Primary Payment and the Additional Payment will equal the full amount the Trust would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required (assuming that the guarantor will be required to make a payment under such guarantee in respect of the Additional Payment), and (III) the guarantor waives any right of set-off in respect of payments under such guarantee. In addition, each guarantee proposed to become an Eligible Guarantee shall also satisfy the Rating Agency Condition prior to its becoming an Eligible Guarantee.
C. "Eligible Guarantor" means, an entity who is an S&P Eligible Replacement.
D. "Eligible Replacement" means an entity that can lawfully perform the obligations owing to the Trust under this Agreement and is an S&P Eligible Replacement or the obligation of which under this Agreement are guaranteed pursuant to an Eligible Guarantee by an S&P Eligible Replacement.
E. "Initial S&P Required Ratings" means long-term and, if applicable, short- term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of an entity are rated at least as high as the S&P Minimum Counterparty Rating corresponding to the then current rating of the Class A Notes and the applicable S&P Option, as specified in the S&P Ratings Table below under the column "Initial S&P Ratings Event".
F. "Non-Collateral Remedy Period" means the period that commences on (and excludes) the date on which a Subsequent S&P Ratings Event occurs and ends on (and includes) either (i) the 30th calendar day following the date on which such event occurs if Option 4 has been selected or (ii) the 60th calendar day following the date on which such event occurs if Option 1, 2 or 3 has been selected, provided that such 60-day period may be extended by an additional 30 days if on or before the expiration of the original 60-day period, the Counterparty has submitted a written proposal for collateral posting to S&P and S&P has confirmed to the Counterparty that it will not take rating action as a result of such proposal.
G. "Option 1" has the meaning given to that term in Part 5(j).
H. "Option 2" has the meaning given to that term in Part 5(j).
I. "Option 3" has the meaning given to that term in Part 5(j).
J. "Option 4" has the meaning given to that term in Part 5(j).
K. "Permitted Transfer" means a transfer by novation by the Counterparty to a transferee (the "Transferee") of all, but not less than all, of the Counterparty's rights, liabilities, duties and obligations under this Agreement, with respect to which transfer each of the following conditions is satisfied: (a) the Transferee is an Eligible Replacement that is a recognized dealer in interest rate swaps, (b) as of the date of such transfer neither the Trust nor the Transferee would be required to withhold or deduct on account of Tax from any payments under this Agreement, (c) an Event of Default or Termination Event would not occur as a result of such transfer, (d) the transfer would not give rise to a taxable event or any other adverse Tax consequences to the Trust or its interest holders, as determined by the Trust based upon consultation with tax counsel, (e) pursuant to a written instrument (the "Transfer Agreement"), the Transferee acquires and assumes all rights and obligations of the Counterparty under the Agreement and the relevant Transaction, (f) such Transfer Agreement is effective to transfer to the Transferee all, but not less than all, of the Counterparty's rights and obligations under the Agreement and all relevant Transactions, (g) the Counterparty will be responsible for any costs or expenses incurred in connection with such transfer (including any replacement cost of entering into a replacement transaction), and (h) each of the Rating Agencies has been given prior written notice of such transfer and the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied.
L. "Rating Agency" means, with respect to any date of determination, S&P, to the extent that such rating agency is then rating any of the securities.
M. "Rating Agency Condition" means, for an action or request and with respect to a Rating Agency, that, according to the then-current policies of the relevant Rating Agency for that action or request, the Rating Agency has provided notice that the proposed action
or request will not result in a downgrade or withdrawal of its then-current rating on any of the Class A Notes.
N. "Relevant Entities" or, individually, a "Relevant Entity", means the Counterparty and any guarantor under an Eligible Guarantee in respect of all of the Counterparty's present and future obligations under this Agreement.
O. "S&P" means S&P Global Ratings, a Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC business.
P. "S&P Eligible Replacement" means either (a) an entity with Initial S&P Required Rating or (b) an entity with the Subsequent S&P Required Rating, provided that such entity complies with the provisions of Part 5(k)(1)(A) or Part 5(k)(1)(B)(ii) ("Initial S&P Ratings Event") with respect to its own obligations under the Agreement.
Q. "S&P Minimum Counterparty Rating" means, in respect of each of Option 1, Option 2, Option 3 or Option 4, the rating of an entity's long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations as specified in the table below (the "S&P Ratings Table") under the columns "Initial S&P Ratings Event" and "Subsequent S&P Ratings Event", as applicable:
Option 1 	  Option 2 	  Option 3 	  Option 4 Current rating of the Class A Notes 	  Initial S&P Ratings Event 	  Subsequent S&P Ratings Event 	  Initial S&P Ratings Event 	  Subsequent S&P Ratings Event 	  Initial S&P Ratings Event 	  Subsequent S&P Ratings Event 	  Initial S&P Ratings Event 	  Subsequent S&P Ratings Event AAA 	  A 	  BBB+ 	  A 	  A- 	  NA 	  A* 	  NA 	  A+ AA+ 	  A 	  BBB+ 	  A 	  A- 	  NA 	  A* 	  NA 	  A+ AA 	  A- 	  BBB+ 	  A 	  A- 	  NA 	  A 	  NA 	  A+ AA- 	  A- 	  BBB 	  A- 	  BBB+ 	  NA 	  A- 	  NA 	  A* A+ 	  BBB+ 	  BBB 	  A- 	  BBB+ 	  NA 	  A- 	  NA 	  A* A 	  BBB+ 	  BBB 	  A- 	  BBB+ 	  NA 	  A- 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes A- 	  BBB 	  BBB- 	  BBB+ 	  BBB 	  NA 	  BBB+ 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes BBB+ 	  BBB 	  BBB- 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  BBB 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes BBB 	  BBB- 	  BB+ 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  BBB- 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes BBB- 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  BB+ 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes BB+ and below 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes 	  NA 	  At least as high as the current rating of the Class A Notes * To meet the minimum eligible rating of "A", the entity should also have a short term rating of "A-1".
To meet the minimum eligible rating of "BBB", the entity should also have a short term rating of "A-2" For purposes of inferring a long-term minimum eligible rating for entities that have only short-term ratings, or in transactions where only short-term ratings on the counterparty are referenced, the following apply: o 'A-1+' corresponds to 'AA-'. o 'A-1' corresponds to 'A' for financial institutions, and 'A-' for all other entities. o 'A-2' corresponds to 'BBB'. o 'A-3' corresponds to 'BBB-'.
R. "Subsequent S&P Required Ratings" means long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of an entity are rated at least as high as the S&P Minimum Counterparty Rating corresponding to the then current rating of the Class A Notes and the applicable S&P Option, as specified in the S&P Ratings Table under the column "Subsequent S&P Ratings Event".
(6) Fitch Downgrade Definitions. For the purposes of Part 5(l) hereof, the following definitions apply:
A. "Eligible Guarantee" means an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of all present and future obligations (for the avoidance of doubt, including but not limited to payment obligations as well as obligations to post collateral) of Counterparty or an Eligible Replacement to the Trust under this Agreement that is provided by an Eligible Guarantor as principal debtor rather than surety and is directly enforceable by the Trust, where either (A) a law firm has given a legal opinion confirming that none of the guarantor's payments to the Trust under such guarantee will be subject to withholding for tax or (B) such guarantee provides that, in the event that any of such guarantor's payments to the Trust are subject to withholding for tax, such guarantor is required to pay such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by the Trust (free and clear of any withholding tax) will equal the full amount the Trust would have received had no such withholding been required. In addition, each guarantee proposed to become an Eligible Guarantee shall also satisfy the Rating Agency Condition prior to its becoming an Eligible Guarantee.
B. "Eligible Guarantor" means, with respect to Fitch, an entity having a credit rating equal to at least the First Trigger Required Rating.
C. "Eligible Replacement" means (A) with respect to Fitch, an entity with the First Trigger Required Ratings or (B) an entity whose present and future obligations owing to the Trust are guaranteed pursuant to an Eligible Guarantee provided by an Eligible Guarantor.
D. "First Trigger Required Ratings" means, with respect to Counterparty, the guarantor under an Eligible Guarantee or an Eligible Replacement, either (i) the unsecured long-term senior debt obligations of the entity are rated "A" or above by Fitch or (ii) the unsecured and unsubordinated short-term debt obligations of the entity are rated "F1" or above by Fitch.
E. "Fitch" means Fitch, Inc. or any successor to its rating business.
F. "Permitted Transfer" means a transfer by novation by the Counterparty to a transferee (the "Transferee") of all, but not less than all, of the Counterparty's rights, liabilities, duties and obligations under this Agreement, with respect to which transfer each of the following conditions is satisfied: (a) the Transferee is an Eligible Replacement that is a recognized dealer in interest rate swaps, (b) as of the date of such transfer neither the Trust nor the Transferee would be required to withhold or deduct on account of Tax from any payments under this Agreement, (c) an Event of Default or Termination Event would not occur as a result of such transfer, (d) the transfer would not give rise to a taxable event or any other adverse Tax consequences to the Trust or its interest holders, as determined by the Trust based upon consultation with tax counsel, (e) pursuant to a written instrument (the "Transfer Agreement"), the Transferee acquires and assumes all rights and obligations of the Counterparty under the Agreement and the relevant Transaction, (f) such Transfer Agreement is effective to transfer to the Transferee all, but not less than all, of the Counterparty's rights and obligations under the Agreement and all relevant Transactions, (g) the Counterparty will be responsible for any costs or expenses incurred in connection with such transfer (including any replacement cost of entering into a replacement transaction), and (h) each of the Rating Agencies has
been given prior written notice of such transfer and the Rating Agency Condition is satisfied.
G. "Rating Agency" means, with respect to any date of determination, Fitch, to the extent that such rating agency is then rating any of the Class A Notes.
H. "Rating Agency Condition" means, with respect to any particular proposed act or omission to act hereunder that the party acting or failing to act must consult with each of the Rating Agencies then rating the Class A Notes and receive from each such Rating Agency a prior written confirmation that the proposed action or inaction would not cause a downgrade or withdrawal of the then-current rating of any Class A Notes.
I. "Relevant Entities" means the Counterparty and any guarantor under an Eligible Guarantee in respect of all of the Counterparty's present and future obligations under this Agreement.
J. "Second Trigger Required Ratings" means, with respect to the Counterparty, the guarantor under an Eligible Guarantee or an Eligible Replacement either
(i) the unsecured long-term senior debt obligations of the entity are rated "BBB+" or above by Fitch or (ii) the unsecured and unsubordinated short-term debt obligations of the entity are rated "F2" or above by Fitch.
[Signature Page Follows]
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Schedule on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this Agreement.
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. 	  VERIZON OWNER TRUST 2018-A By: Wilmington Trust, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Owner Trustee of Verizon Owner Trust 2018-A By: /s/ Greg Hart Name: Greg Hart Title: Managing Director Date: October 4, 2018 	  By: /s/ Clarice Wright Name: Clarice Wright Title: Assistant Vice President Date: October 4, 2018
