SCHEDULE
to the
2002 ISDA Master Agreement
dated as of March  18, 2009
between
GMAC INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC ("Party A"),
a Delaware limited liability company,
and
RESIDENTIAL CAPITAL, LLC("Party B"),
a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware
Part 1
Termination Provisions
(a) 	 "Specified Entity " means in relation to Party A for all purposes:
Section 5(a)(v): Not applicable
Section 5(a)(vi): Not applicable
Section 5(a)(vii): Not applicable
Section 5(b)(iv): Not applicable
and in relation to Party B for all purposes:
Section 5(a)(v): Rescap Affiliates
Section 5(a)(vi): Rescap Affiliates
Section 5(a)(vii): Rescap Affiliates
Section 5(b)(iv): Rescap Affiliates
"ResCap Affiliate " means Residential Capital, LLC ("ResCap ") and its Subsidiaries.
"Subsidiaries " shall have the meaning specified in the Loan Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2008 among RFC Asset Holdings II, LLC and Passive Asset Transactions, LLC, as borrowers, ResCap, Residential Funding Company, LLC ("RFC ") and GMAC Mortgage, LLC ("GMACM "), as guarantors, and GMAC LLC, as lender agent and initial lender, and certain other financial institutions and persons from time to time party thereto as lenders, as amended or modified from time to time (the "November Loan Agreement ").
(b) 	 "Specified Transaction " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c) 	  The "Cross Default " provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided that the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "Notwithstanding the
foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (i) the default was caused solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (ii) funds were available to enable the party to make the payment when due; and (iii) the payment is made within three Local Business Days of such party's receipt of written notice of its failure to pay".
"Specified Indebtedness " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
"Threshold Amount " means with respect to Party A, $50,000,000, and, with respect to Party B, its credit Support Providers or Specified Entities, US$25,000,000.
(d) 	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger " provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will not apply to Party A and will apply to Party B.
(e) 	 The "Automatic Early Termination " provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(f) 	 Unless otherwise designated in a Confirmation for a particular Transaction, "Termination Currency " means United States Dollars.
(g) 	 The "Additional Termination Events " provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply. The following will constitute and Additional Termination Events:
(i) Party B consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all of its assets (or any substantial part of the assets comprising the business conducted by Party B as of the date of this Master Agreement) to, or reorganizes, reincorporates or reconstitutes into or as, another entity that is not GMAC LLC, or GMAC Residential Holding Company, LLC, Residential Capital, LLC, GMAC Mortgage Group LLC or any Affiliate thereof. Party B shall be the sole Affected Party.
(ii) Any person, related group of persons or entity that is not GMAC LLC, or GMAC Residential Holding Company, LLC, Residential Capital, LLC, GMAC Mortgage Group LLC or any Affiliate thereof acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of (A) equity securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or its equivalent) of Party B or (B) any other ownership interest enabling it to exercise control of Party B. Party B shall be the sole Affected Party.
(iii) Party B disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, any Credit Support Document or Party B's obligations to Party A under this Agreement cease to be secured under any Credit Support Document. Party B shall be the sole Affected Party.
(iv) Any Credit Support Document with respect to Party B is amended, modified, supplemented, restated, or any provision of such document is waived which may have a material adverse effect on the rights of Party A hereunder or the ability of Party A to enforce its rights hereunder or under any Credit Support Document without the prior written consent of Party A; provided, however , that this Additional Termination Event shall not be applicable if GMAC LLC has consented to such amendment, modification, supplement, restatement, or waiver in its applicable capacity with respect to such Credit Support Document. Party B shall be the sole Affected Party.
Part 2
Tax Representations
(a) 	 The following tax representation is made for purposes of Section 3(e) by each party:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any Relevant Jurisdiction, to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f); (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii); and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d), provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	 The following tax representations are made for purposes of Section 3(f) of this Agreement:
(i) Party A represents that it is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner, which is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. It is a limited liability company established under the laws of the State of Delaware and its U.S. taxpayer identification number is 26-1979492.
(ii) Party B represents that it is disregarded as an entity separate from its owner, which is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. It is a limited liability company established under the laws of the State of Delaware and its U.S. taxpayer identification number is 23-1694840.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(a) 	 Tax forms, documents, or certificates to be delivered are: None, subject to Section 4(a)(iii) and the table below.
Party Required to Deliver Document 	   	  Form/Document/Certificate 	   	  Date for Delivery Party A and Party B 	   	 A duly executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, W-8ECI, W-8BEN, W-8IMY (or any of the respective successor forms thereto), as applicable, that establishes a basis for exemption from or reduction in any withholding or other tax. 	   	  (i) Before the first Payment Date under this Agreement,   (ii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided has become obsolete or incorrect, and   (iii) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party.
(b) 	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party Required to Deliver Document 	    	  Form/Document/ Certificate 	    	  Date for Delivery 	    	  Covered by Section  3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	    	 Certified copy of resolution of Board of Managers of Party B or of its relevant committee, authorizing Party B to enter into Agreement and each Transaction entered into under Agreement, and incumbency certificate. 	    	 Promptly following reasonable demand of other party. 	    	 Yes Party A and Party B 	    	 Credit Support Document specified in paragraph Part 4(f) hereof duly executed and in full force and effect. 	    	 Upon execution of the Agreement. 	    	 No
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(a) 	 Addresses for Notice. For purposes of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notices or communications to Party A (for all purposes):
Address: 	    	 GMAC Investment Management LLC 767 Fifth Avenue 24th Floor New York, New York 10153 Facsimile No.: (917) 369-2416 Telephone No.: (313) 656-6280 (Janice Barry)
(313) 656-3488 (James Tjiachris) Email: Backoffice.operations@gmacfs.com
Address for notices of payments and rate settings to Party A:
Address: 	    	 c/o GMAC LLC 200 Renaissance Center Mail Code: 482-B12-C24 Detroit, MI 48265-2000 Attention: Swaps Administration Group Facsimile No.: (313) 656-6275 Telephone No.: (313) 656-5518 Email: Backoffice.operations@gmacfs.com
With a copy to:
Address: 	    	 GMAC LLC 767 Fifth Avenue 24th Floor New York, New York 10153 Attention: Swap Group Facsimile No.: (917) 369-2416
Address for all notices to Party B:
Address: 	    	 Residential Capital, LLC 1100 Virginia Drive Mail Code: 190-FTW-K70 Fort Washington, PA 19034 Attention: Risk Management Facsimile No: (215) 734-8880 Telephone No: (215) 734-5883 Email: Mike.Rowan@gmacrescap.com
With a copy to:
Residential Capital, LLC
One Meridian Crossing
Suite 100
Minneapolis, MN 55423
Attention: Office of the General Counsel
Facsimile: (952) 362-0586
Telephone: (952) 857-6415
Email: Tammy.Hamzehpour@gmacrescap.com
Residential Capital, LLC
One Meridian Crossing
Suite 100
Minneapolis, MN 55423
Attention: John Peterson
Facsimile: (952) 921-4230
Telephone: (952) 857-7359
Email: John.Peterson@gmacrescap.com
Address for notices of payments and rate settings to Party B:
Residential Capital, LLC
1100 Virginia Drive
Mail Code: 190-FTW-K70
Fort Washington, PA 19034
Attention: Risk Management
Facsimile No: (215) 734-8880
Telephone No: (215) 734-5883
Email: Mike.Rowan@gmacrescap.com
With a copy to:
Residential Capital, LLC
One Meridian Crossing
Suite 100
Minneapolis, MN 55423
Attention: Office of the General Counsel
Facsimile: (952) 362-0586
Telephone: (952) 857-6415
Email: Tammy.Hamzehpour@gmacrescap.com
Residential Capital, LLC
One Meridian Crossing
Suite 100
Minneapolis, MN 55423
Attention: John Peterson
Facsimile: (952) 921-4230
Telephone: (952) 857-7359
Email: John.Peterson@gmacrescap.com
Any notice under the Agreement given by telephone will be sufficient if given to the telephone number for such party set forth above.
(b) 	 Process Agent.
Party A: Not applicable.
Party B: Not applicable.
(c) 	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	 Multibranch Party. For purposes of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:
Party A is not a Multibranch Party.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A.
(f) 	 Credit Support Documents.
Credit Support Document for Party A means (i) the Guaranty of the Credit Support Provider of Party A, and (ii) Credit Support Annex annexed hereto which supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, this Agreement.
Credit Support Document for Party B means (i) the Guarantee and Master Netting Agreement, dated as of March 18, 2009 by and among Party A, GMACM, RFC, ResCap, RFC Asset Holdings II, LLC ("RAHI "), Passive Asset Transactions, LLC ("PATI ") and GMAC LLC (as amended or modified from time to time, the "Guarantee and Master Netting Agreement "); (ii)
Credit Support Annex annexed hereto which supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, this Agreement, (iii) the Omnibus Pledge and Security Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy, dated as of March 18, 2009, among RAHI, PATI and certain of their Affiliates from time to time parties thereto, as grantors, Party A, as a secured party, and GMAC LLC, as Omnibus Agent, as Lender Agent under the November Loan Agreement, as a secured party, and as lender under the MSR Loan Agreement (as defined below) (as amended or modified from time to time, the "Omnibus Security Agreement "), (iv) the Pledge and Security Agreement and Irrevocable Proxy, dated as of November 20, 2008, between RAHI, PATI and certain of their Affiliates from time to time party thereto, as grantors, and GMAC LLC, as lender agent, and (v) the Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of April 18, 2008, among RFC and GMACM, as borrowers, and GMAC LLC, as lender (as amended or modified from time to time, the "_MSR Loan Agreement_ ").
(g) 	 Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party A: GMAC LLC
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B: RFC and GMACM
(h) 	 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of New York (without reference to the choice of law doctrine).
(i) 	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement to all Transactions (in each case starting from the date of this Agreement).
(j) 	 Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c):--
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A: Not applicable.
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B: Not applicable.
(k) 	 "Affiliate " will have the meaning specified in Section 14\.
(l) 	 Service of Process. With respect to the third sentence of Section 13(c) of this Agreement, notwithstanding the reference therein to Section 12 of this Agreement, no consent is given by either party to service of process by facsimile (Telefax or Fax).
(m) 	 Consent to Telephone Recording. Each party hereby (i) consents to the recording of all telephone conversations, with or without the use of a warning tone, between officers, employees or Affiliates of a party and the officers, employees or Affiliates of the other party who quote on, agree to, or otherwise discuss terms of any potential interest exchange agreements, currency exchange agreements, caps, collars, floors, and other rate or price protection transactions, or any potential Transaction on behalf of the party, and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel, and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(a) 	 Definitions. Unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation and except in the case of FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions (as defined below), each Confirmation shall be deemed to incorporate the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "2006 Definitions"), published by the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc.. In the event of any inconsistency (1) between the provisions of the Definitions and this Agreement, this Agreement will prevail, (2) between the provisions of a Confirmation and the Definitions, the Confirmation will prevail, and (3) between the provisions of a Confirmation and this Agreement, such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the relevant Transaction.
(b) 	 Change of Account. Section 2(b) is hereby amended by adding the following at the end thereof:
"and provided that, unless the other party consents (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), such new account shall be in the same tax jurisdiction as the original account."
(c) 	 Transfer. The following amendments are hereby made to Section 7:
(i) 	 In the third line, insert the words "which consent will not be arbitrarily withheld or delayed," immediately before the word "except"; and
(ii) 	 In clause (a), insert the words "or reorganization, incorporation, reincorporation, or reconstitution into or as," immediately before the word "another."
(d) 	 Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document. Each party (i) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other party or any Credit Support Provider has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of such suit, action or proceeding, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver, and (ii) acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into this Agreement and provide for any Credit Support Document, as applicable, by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this Section.
(e) 	 Additional Representations. The parties agree to amend Section 3 by adding the following new Sections 3(g), 3(h), 3(i), 3(j) and 3(k):
(g) 	 Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act.
(h) 	 No Agency. It is entering into this Agreement and each Transaction as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise).
(i) 	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(j) 	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(k) 	 Status of Parties. Each party is not acting as a fiduciary for the other party in respect of that Transaction.
(f) 	 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant, or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any party or circumstance, shall be held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable (in whole or in part) for any reason, the remaining terms, provisions, covenants and conditions hereof shall continue in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with the illegal, invalid or unenforceable portion eliminated, so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement and the deletion of such portion of this Agreement will not substantially impair the respective benefits or expectations of the parties to this Agreement. It shall in particular be understood that this Severability clause shall not affect the "single agreement" concept of Section 1(c) of the Master Agreement.
(g) 	 All Confirmations. With respect to each Transaction, Party A will, on or within 30 days after the Trade Date thereof, send Party B a Confirmation substantially in the standard form used by Party A or in such other form as agreed by the parties. Party B will promptly thereafter (a) confirm the accuracy of such Confirmation or (b) request the correction of such Confirmation, indicating how the terms of such Confirmation should be correctly stated and such other terms should be added to or deleted from such Confirmation to make it correct.
(h) 	 Set-off. Section 6(f) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the existing language thereof and replacing it with the following:
"(f) Set-off.
Subject to the provisions of the Guarantee and Master Netting Agreement:
(i) In addition to any rights of set-off a party may have as a matter of law or otherwise, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or a Termination Event, and the designation of an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement with respect to a party ("X"), the other party ("Y") will have the right (but not be obliged) without prior notice to X or any other person to set-off or apply any obligation of X owed to Y (whether or not matured or contingent and whether or not arising under this Agreement, and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation) against any obligation of Y owed to X (whether or not matured or contingent and whether or not arising under this Agreement, and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation).
(ii) For the purpose of cross-currency set-off, Y may convert either obligation at the applicable market exchange rate selected by Y on the relevant date.
(iii) If the amount of an obligation is unascertained, Y may in good faith estimate that amount
and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the amount of the obligation is ascertained.
(iv) This clause (f) shall not constitute a mortgage, charge, lien or other security interest upon any of the property or assets of either party to this Agreement."
(i) 	 Close-out Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the calculation of any Close-out Amount, Party A may include Party A's costs (including all fees, expenses and commissions) of entering into replacement transactions for any Terminated Transactions, and/or of entering into or terminating any back-to-back or other hedge transactions intended to hedge any Terminated Transactions.
(j) 	 Restriction on Liens. Party B hereby agrees that it shall not grant any lien or security interest in its rights under this Agreement other than (i) the lien created pursuant to the Omnibus Security Agreement and (ii) any lien for taxes or assessments or other governmental charges or levies not then due and payable (or which, if due and payable, are being contested in good faith either with the third party to whom such taxes are owed or the third party obligated to pay such taxes and for which adequate reserves are being maintained, to the extent required by generally accepted accounting principles, and such proceedings have the effect of preventing the forfeiture or sale of the property or assets subject to any such lien).
PART 6:_Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Foreign Exchange Option Transactions_
(a) 	 Incorporation of Definitions. The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and the Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the Definitions) and Currency Option Transactions (as defined in the Definitions). Terms defined in the Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.
(b) 	 Scope. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, each FX Transaction and Currency Option Transaction entered into between the parties before, on or after the date of this Agreement shall be a Transaction under this Agreement and shall be part of, subject to and governed by this Agreement. FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions shall be part of, subject to and governed by this Agreement even if the Confirmation in respect thereof does not state that such FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction is subject to or governed by this Agreement or does not otherwise reference this Agreement.
(c) 	 Where an FX Transaction or Currency Option is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system or other document or other confirming evidence exchanged between the parties confirming such Transaction such messages, document or evidence will constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement even where not so specified therein
(d) 	 Premium Netting. If, on any date, and unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, Premiums would otherwise be payable hereunder in the same Currency between the same respective offices of the parties, then, on such date, each party's obligation to make payment of such Premiums will be automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate Premiums that would otherwise have been payable by such office of one party exceeds the aggregate Premiums that would otherwise have been payable by such office of the other party, replaced by an obligation upon the party by whom the larger aggregate Premiums would have been payable to pay the other party the excess of the larger aggregate Premiums over the smaller aggregate Premiums, and if the aggregate Premiums are equal, no payment shall be made.
Confirmed as of the date first written.
GMAC INVESTMENT MANAGEMENT LLC By: 	   	  /s/ Melissa Melvin Name: 	   	 Melissa Melvin Title: 	   	 Assistant Secretary RESIDENTIAL FUNDING COMPANY, LLC By: 	   	  /s/ Patricia C. Taylor Name: 	   	 Patricia C. Taylor Title: 	   	 Managing Director
S-1 	    	  Schedule to ISDA Master Agreement (GMAC IM/RFC)
