SCHEDULE
to the
2002 Master Agreement
dated as of November 30, 2021
between
Macquarie Bank Limited (AFS Licence: 237502) 	 and 	 Each entity specified on Appendix A attached hereto, severally and not jointly
("Party A") 	   	 (each, a "Party B") established as a company with limited liability with Australian Business Number 46 008 583 542 under the laws of Australia acting through its branches specified in this Agreement 	   	 established as a limited partnership organized under the laws of the State of Delaware
Each party listed on Appendix A hereto, as may be amended or supplemented from time to time, shall be referred to individually as Party B. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, this Agreement shall constitute and shall be construed as a separate agreement between Party A and each Party B as though each Party B had separately contracted with Party A with respect to such Party B. Each obligation of each Party B shall constitute the obligation solely of such Party B, and shall not constitute the obligation of, or a joint obligation with, any other Party B or any other person. Each obligation of Party A under this Agreement with respect to any Party B shall constitute an obligation solely in respect of such Party B and not an obligation to any other Party B or any other person.
Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a)                  " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:―
Section 5(a)(v), 	 Nil Section 5(a)(vi), 	 Nil Section 5(a)(vii), 	 Nil Section 5(b)(v), 	 Nil
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:―
Section 5(a)(v), 	 Nil Section 5(a)(vi), 	 Nil Section 5(a)(vii), 	 Nil Section 5(b)(v), 	 Nil
1
(b)	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement and is amended by inserting the words:
(i)	 " , freight transaction" after the words _" weather index transaction" _in the tenth line (ii)	 ", _emissions allowance, renewables certificate or other environmental product " after the word " commodity,"_ in the eleventh line; and (iii)	 "_freight instruments, emissions allowances, renewables certificates or other environmental products " after the word "commodities_ " in the fifteenth line.
(c)	 The " Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B. Section 5(a)(vi) of this Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following at the end thereof:
"provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur under (2) above if, as demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the other party, (a) the failure to pay referred to in (2) is a failure to pay caused by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; and (b) funds were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment when due; and (c) such relevant payment is made within three Local Business Days following receipt of written notice from an interested party of such failure to pay."
Additionally, Section 5(a)(vi) of this Agreement is hereby amended by deleting in the seventh line thereof the words, "or becoming capable at such time of being declared,".
" Specified Indebtedness" shall mean any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of any Specified Transaction (except that, for this purpose only, the words "and any other entity" shall be substituted for the words "and the other party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of such other party)" where they appear in the definition of Specified Transaction).
For the purposes of Section 5(a)(vi)(1), any reference to the principal amount of Specified Indebtedness becoming due and payable shall, in the case of a Specified Transaction, refer to the amount that becomes, or would become, due and payable as a result of the termination of such Specified Transaction.
"Threshold Amount " means
(i)                  with respect to Party A, an amount in USD equivalent to 3% of the total shareholders' equity of Party A (or its equivalent in another currency, being the amount of that other currency required to purchase such amount at the rate equal to the spot exchange rate of any foreign exchange agent selected in good faith by the party asserting that a Cross Default has occurred); and
(ii)                  with respect to Party B, an amount in USD equivalent to 3% of the Net Asset Value of Party B (or its equivalent in another currency, being the amount of that other currency required to purchase such amount at the rate equal to the spot exchange rate of any foreign exchange agent selected in good faith by the party asserting that a Cross Default has occurred).
2
For purposes of the above, shareholders' equity shall be determined by reference to the relevant party's most recent consolidated balance sheet prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organisation.
(d)	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger " provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply to Party A and to Party B.
(e)	 The "Automatic Early Termination " provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f)	 "Termination Currency " means the currency selected by the party which is not the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party, as the case may be, or where there is more than one Affected Party, the currency agreed by Party A and Party B. However, the Termination Currency shall be one of the currencies in which payments are required to be made in respect of Transactions. If the currency selected is not freely available, or where there are two Affected Parties and they cannot agree on a Termination Currency, the Termination Currency shall be United States Dollars.
(g)	 Additional Termination Event will apply.
Each of the following will constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party A, who shall be the sole Affected Party: ―
(i)	 Ratings Event.
On any day during the term hereof, the rating of the long-term, unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness of Party A or its Credit Support Provider, if any, is reduced below BBB-, if rated by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group and Baa2, if rated by Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or if Party A's aforementioned obligations do not have a rating by at least one of these agencies (which, for the avoidance of doubt, includes a scenario where Party A's rating has been withdrawn or suspended).
Each of the following will constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party B, who shall be the sole Affected Party: ―
(i)	 Minimum Net Asset Value.
a.	 The Net Asset Value of Party B shall be at any time equal to or less than $1.5 billion (as reflected in Party B's annual audited financial statements for such fiscal year);
b.	 During any calendar month, the Net Asset Value of Party B (inclusive of shareholder redemptions and withdrawals) declines 35% or more from the immediately preceding calendar month-end.
(ii)	 Failure to Deliver Monthly NAV Reports. Party B fails to deliver the Monthly NAV Reports as defined and in accordance with Part 3(b) below if such failure is not remedied on or before the second Local Business Days after notice of such failure is given to Party B.
(iii)	 Material Amendment. The Core Documents of Party B are amended or modified in a manner which, in the reasonable judgment of Party A, has a material adverse effect on Party B's ability to perform its obligations hereunder or under any Transaction or on Party A's rights hereunder or under any Transaction.
3
(iv)	 Change of General Partner.  The General Partner ceases to be the general partner of Party B; An Additional Termination Event shall not occur however, under this Part 1(g)(iv) where, no fewer than ten Local Business Days prior to General Partner ceasing to be the general partner of Party B, Party B sends written notice to Party A informing it of the identity of a replacement general partner (a "General Partner Notice "), and Party A gives written confirmation of its approval of such replacement general partner, which approval is not to be unreasonably withheld and shall be notified to Party B within 10 Local Business Days of receipt by Party A of such General Partner Notice.
For the purposes of each of the foregoing Additional Termination Events, the Affected Party will be Party B and all Transactions shall be Affected Transactions.
(h)	 Definitions. For the purposes of this Agreement, the following additional definitions will apply:
"Constitutional Documents " has the meaning set out in Appendix A.
"Core Documents " means the Constitutional Documents and Offering Memorandum.
" General Partner" means United States Commodity Funds, LLC.
"Net Asset Value " means, at any time in relation to Party B, Total Assets minus Total Liabilities.
" Offering Memorandum" means the prospectus, offering memorandum, private placement memorandum, or other offering document of Party B.
"Total Assets " means, at any time, the aggregate current book value of all of the assets of Party B as at that date (determined in accordance with generally accepted international accounting standards).
" Total Liabilities" means, at any time, the sum of all liabilities of Party B, as at that date (determined in accordance with generally accepted international accounting standards).
4
Part 2. Tax Representations.
(a)	 Payer Representations.   For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B each make the following representation:― It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	 Payee Representations.   For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, each of Party A and Party B make the representations specified below, as applicable:―
(1)	 Jurisdiction of residence for tax purposes.
The following representations will apply to all Transactions:
(i)	 Party A represents that:
a.	 it is resident for tax purposes in Australia; and
b.	 It is a "foreign person" within the meaning of United States Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-4(a)(4) and a "non-U.S. branch of a foreign person" within the meaning of United States Treasury regulation section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii); it is a resident of Australia within the meaning of the Specified Treaty; it is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision or the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement; no such payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment in the United States of America; and such payment will not be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States of America.
" Specified Treaty" means the income tax convention between the United States of America and Australia.
(ii)	 Party B makes the representations as set out in Appendix A.
5
(2)	 Other payments under the Agreement
Solely for the purposes of the representations made under Section 3(f) of the Agreement, any payments made under the Agreement but not as part of a Transaction, including any payments made in accordance with Section 6(e), shall be deemed to be payments in relation to a Transaction.
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents.
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and 4(a)(ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:―
(a)	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are :―
Party required to deliver document 	 Form/Document/ Certificate 	 Date by which to be delivered Party A   	 A properly executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN-E, or appropriate successor form, to the extent the form previously furnished has ceased to be effective, the information therein has become inaccurate or such form has been superseded 	 Upon execution of this Agreement, and after such date it will provide additional Internal Revenue Service Forms W-8BEN-E, or appropriate successor forms, (i) before December 31 of each third succeeding calendar year, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Party B, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by Party A has become obsolete or incorrect Party B 	 A properly executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, and after such date it will provide additional Internal Revenue Service Forms W-9, or appropriate successor forms, to the extent the form previously furnished has ceased to be effective, the information therein has become inaccurate or such form has been superseded. 	 Upon execution of this Agreement, and after such date it will provide additional Internal Revenue Service Forms W-9, or appropriate successor forms, (i) before December 31 of each third succeeding calendar year, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by Party A, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by Party B has become obsolete or incorrect
6
(b)	 Other documents to be delivered are :―
Party required to deliver document 	 Form/Document/ Certificate 	 Date by which to be delivered 	 Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	 A list of authorised signatories for the party (and, as applicable, any Credit Support Provider of such party) and evidence of the authority of the authorised signatories of such party to execute this Agreement (and, as applicable, any Credit Support Document). 	 At the execution of this Agreement 	 Yes Party A and Party B   	 Any Credit Support Document(s) specified in Part 4 of this Schedule. 	 Upon execution of this Agreement 	 Yes Party B 	 A copy of Party B's annual audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organisation and certified by independent certified public accountants for each financial year ("Party B Annual Report").   	 Upon request, if such financial statements are not available from public sources at www.sec.gov 	 Yes Party A  	 A copy of Party A's audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in Party A's country of organisation and certified by independent certified public accountants for each financial year.   	 Upon request, if such financial statements are not available from public sources or at www.macquarie.com.au 	 Yes Party A and Party B 	 Copies of the party's standard settlement instructions. 	 At the execution of this Agreement and at any time there is a change to those standard settlement instructions.   	 Yes Party A and Party B 	 A list of authorised signatories for the party and evidence of the authority of the authorised signatories of the party to execute Confirmations on behalf of the party.   	 Upon execution of this Agreement and at any time there is a change to the list of those authorised to sign Confirmations.  	 Yes Party B 	 Contact details for settlement purposes, including telephone, facsimile (and email details if relevant), addresses and names of the relevant contacts.  	 At the execution of this Agreement and at any time there is a change to those contacts details.  	 Yes Party B 	 Monthly investment reports of Party B which outline Party B's Net Asset Value ("Monthly NAV Reports") as of the most recent calendar month end. 	 Within 30 calendar of each calendar month end; provided, however, if such information is available on Party B's website within such time period, then such information shall be deemed to have been delivered. 	 Yes Party B 	 Core Documents 	 At the execution of this Agreement and upon amendment; provided, however, if such information is available on Party B's website, then such information shall be deemed to have been delivered 	 Yes
7
Part 4. Miscellaneous.
(a)	 Addresses for Notices .   For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:― Address for notices or communications to Party A:― Address : 	 Macquarie Bank Limited 50 Martin Place Sydney NSW 2000 Australia Attention : 	 Executive Director, Legal Risk Management Division, Commodities and Global Markets Facsimile No.: 	 (+61 2) 8232 4540    Telephone No.:              (+61 2) 8232 3333 E-mail : 	 for Section 5 and 6 Notices only:  'cgm.isda.notices@macquarie.com' With a copy to:
Address : 	 Macquarie Bank Limited Ropemaker Place 28 Ropemaker Street London EC2Y 9HD England Attention : 	 Legal Risk Management, Commodities and Global Markets Facsimile No.: 	 (+44 20) 3037 5700                 Telephone No.: (+44 20) 3037 2000 Address for notices or communications to Party B:― Address: 	 United States Commodity Funds 1850 Mt. Diablo Boulevard, Suite 640 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Attention: 	 John Love Telephone No.:  	 (510) 522-9600 E-mail: 	 trading@uscfinvestments.com With a copy to:
Address: 	 United States Commodity Funds 1850 Mt. Diablo Boulevard, Suite 640 Walnut Creek, CA 94596 Attention: 	 Daphne Frydman Telephone No.:  	 (510) 522-9600 E-mail: 	 dfrydman@uscfinvestments.com
(b)	 Process Agent .   For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:―
Party A appoints as its Process Agent:
Macquarie Bank Limited Representative Office
125 West 55th Street, 22nd Floor,
New York NY 10019
Attn: Legal Risk Management, Commodities and Global Markets
Telephone: (+1 212) 231 1000
Facsimile: (+1 212) 231 2177
8
In the event of service of process in any Proceedings by Party B, Party B must also promptly send copies of all documents initiating that process to Party A in Australia at the address given in Part 4(a) above.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not Applicable.
(c)	 Offices .   The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d)	 Multibranch Party .   For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement:―
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may enter into a Transaction through any of the following Offices:― London, Sydney, Singapore or Hong Kong.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e)	 Calculation Agent .   The Calculation Agent is Party A, unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction.
If at any time an Event of Default is continuing with respect to Party A or Party A fails to perform its duties as Calculation Agent as required by the terms of this Agreement, then an independent third party selected by Party B (and acceptable to Party A, acting reasonably) will act as Calculation Agent.
Party B may challenge any determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent following receipt by Party B of such determination or calculation, after which the parties will attempt in good faith to bilaterally resolve their dispute for one Local Business Day. If the parties are unable to agree on a particular determination or calculation within one Local Business Day, a mutually acceptable third party will be appointed within two Local Business Days thereafter to make a determination or calculation as to the disputed matter. If the parties cannot agree on a substitute Calculation Agent, then each party shall, within one Local Business Day of failing to agree on a mutually acceptable third party, appoint their own third party independent leading dealer (an "Independent Dealer "), which Independent Dealers shall jointly appoint a third Independent Dealer who shall be the substitute Calculation Agent. All calculations and determinations of the substitute Calculation Agent shall be binding and conclusive, in the absence of manifest error. If either (i) the substitute Calculation Agent fails to deliver a final calculation or determination; or (ii) the Independent Dealers appointed by Party A and Party B fail to appoint a substitute Calculation, in each case, within three (3) Local Business Days after being appointed, the Calculation Agent's original calculation or determination shall be binding.
For the avoidance of doubt, if a party hereto is designated as the Calculation Agent, Section 5(a)(ii) shall not include any failure by that party to comply with its obligations as Calculation Agent.
(f)	 Credit Support Document .   Details of any Credit Support Document:―
In relation to Party A: None.
In relation to Party B: None.
(g)	 Credit Support Provider .
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party A: None.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B: None.
9
(h)	 Governing Law .   This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(i)	 Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Transaction. Each party:
(i)	 certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of the other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not seek to enforce the foregoing waiver in the event of any such suit, action or proceeding; and (ii)	 acknowledges that it and the other party have entered into this Agreement, in reliance on, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications of this provision.
(j)	 Netting of Payments .   "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement to any Transactions of the same product type (in each case starting from the date of this Agreement).
(k)	 "Affiliate " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(l)	 Absence of Litigation . For the purpose of Section 3(c):―
"Specified Entity " means in relation to Party A, not applicable.
"Specified Entity " means in relation to Party B, not applicable.
(m)	 No Agency .   The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(n)	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, the following will constitute Additional Representations:―
(i)	 Relationship Between Parties.    Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):―
(A)	 Non-Reliance.   It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(B)	 Assessment and Understanding.   It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(C)	 Status of Parties.   The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
10
(ii)	 ERISA. Party B  represents and warrants (which representation and warranty will be deemed to be repeated at all times until the termination of this Agreement) that the assets that are used in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions entered into pursuant hereto are not the assets of an employee benefit or other plan subject to Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), a plan described in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), an entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of ERISA section 3(42) and Department of Labor (DOL) regulation section 2510.3-101, or a governmental plan that is subject to any federal, state, or local law that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.
(iii)	 Party A Disclosures. Party B represents to Party A as at the date of this Agreement, and will be deemed to represent to Party A on the date on which it enters into a Transaction, that it has read, understands and agrees to the matters set out on the 'Regulatory Disclosures' page published, at the relevant time, on https://www.macquarie.com/au/about/disclosures/regulatory-disclosures."
(o)	 Recording of Conversations. Each party:
(i)	 consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction; (ii)	 agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel; and (iii)	 agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
(p)	 Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation of the financial condition of the relevant person".
11
Part 5. Other Provisions.
(a)	 Definitions. (i) The provisions of the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and the Foreign Exchange Committee); (ii) the provisions of the 2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) are hereby incorporated in their entirety; and (iii) the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.) are hereby incorporated in their entirety.
(b)	 Inconsistency. At the end of Section 1(b), the following sentence is inserted:
"_In the event of any inconsistency between the Definitions and this Master Agreement (including the Schedule), the Master Agreement will prevail._ "
(c)	 Amendment of Section 2. A new Section 2(a)(iv) is inserted as follows:
"(iv)	  The condition precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) does not apply to a payment or delivery due to be made to a party if it has satisfied in full all its payment and delivery obligations under Section 2(a)(i) and Section 9(h) of this Agreement and has no future payment or delivery obligations, whether absolute or contingent, under Section 2(a)(i) or Section 9(h)."
(d)	 Change of Accounts. For the purposes of Section 2(b) of this Agreement both parties agree that such new account so designated shall be in the same tax jurisdiction as the original account.
(e)	 Tax Events. Section 5(b)(iii) is amended by deleting the words ", or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, " where they appear in that clause.
(f)	 Procedures for Confirming Transactions. Section 9(e) of this Agreement is amended by the addition of the following terms:
"(iii)	  With respect to each Transaction entered into pursuant to this Agreement and for the purposes of Section 9(e)(ii), Party A shall, on or promptly after the relevant Trade Date, send Party B a Confirmation confirming that Transaction and Party B shall promptly then confirm the accuracy of or request the correction of such Confirmation. In the absence of manifest error, where Party B fails to confirm the accuracy of or request the correction of a Confirmation within three Local Business Days after it was sent, the terms of a Confirmation will be binding on and conclusive against Party B.
Delivery of a Confirmation is effected whether a party uses facsimile, email or an electronic messaging system, and irrespective of the form of delivery used by the other party to confirm the terms of the relevant Transaction. The requirement of this Agreement that the parties exchange Confirmations shall for all purposes be satisfied by following the procedure set out in this paragraph.
Where a Transaction is confirmed by means of a facsimile, email or an electronic messaging system, such message will constitute a Confirmation even where not so specified in that Confirmation."
12
(g)	 Notices. Section 12 of the Agreement is amended by deleting the following words where they appear on lines 2 and 3 of Section 12(a):
"(except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by electronic messaging system or email). "
and replacing it with:
"_(except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by electronic messaging system)._ "
(h)	 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that, with effect from the date of this Agreement, the terms of each Annex to the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association Inc., (the "Protocol") shall apply to this Agreement as if the parties had adhered to the Protocol without amendment.
(i)	 Miscellaneous. With effect from and including the date of this Agreement the parties agree that every transaction between them is a Transaction governed by this Agreement (whether or not the parties refer to this Agreement when entering into or confirming the transaction) unless the terms of this Agreement have been expressly excluded or any confirmation of such transaction is expressed to be governed by another agreement.
For the purpose of this clause 'transaction' means a transaction between the parties, whether entered into before, on or after the commencement of this Agreement, of the nature of a Specified Transaction.
(j)	 Party B and General Partner Representations. Each of the General Partner and Party B represents and warrants on and as of the date hereof, on the date on which it enters into a Transaction, and on and as of each date this Agreement or any Transaction remains outstanding:
(i)	 General Partner 's Authority.  The General Partner and each person acting on its behalf is duly authorized to receive any and all notices sent to Party B in respect of this Agreement and to act for and on behalf of Party B for all purposes under this Agreement including without limitation to execute and deliver  this Agreement and Confirmations, to enter into Transactions, and to give instructions (including, without limitation, payment instructions). This representation shall be deemed to be repeated at all relevant times.
(ii)	 Compliance with Applicable Internal Policies. Each Transaction entered into under this Agreement will be entered into in accordance with, and will at all times comply with, applicable investment policies, guidelines or other requirements of Party B (if any, as may be adopted or amended from time to time by Party B) that may affect the due authorization or validity of any Transaction or the Agreement.
(k)	 Payment of Premium Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, with respect to any premium related to a Transaction that is an option, if any such premium is not paid on the date such premium is due to be paid under the terms of the Transaction, the seller of such Transaction may elect:
(i)	 to accept a late payment of such premium;
(ii)	 to give written notice of such non-payment and, if such payment shall not be received within one Local Business Day of such notice, treat the related Transaction as void; or
13
(iii)	 to give written notice of such non-payment and, if such payment shall not be received within one Local Business Day of such notice, treat such non- payment as an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(i) of this Agreement.
If the seller of such option Transaction elects to act under either (i) or (ii) above, the buyer of such Transaction shall pay all reasonable out-of- pocket costs and actual damages incurred in connection with such unpaid or late premium or void Transaction, including, without limitation, interest on such premium in the same currency as such premium at the then prevailing market rate and any other reasonable costs or expenses incurred by the seller of the Transaction in covering its obligations (including, without limitation, a delta hedge) with respect to such Transaction.
(l)	 _Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act._ "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
(m)	 ISDA 2013 Reporting Protocol Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any non-disclosure, confidentiality or other agreement between the parties, each party hereby consents to the disclosure of information:
(a)	 to the extent required or permitted by any applicable law, rule or regulation which mandates reporting and/or retention of transaction and similar information or to the extent required by any order or directive regarding reporting and/or retention of transaction and similar information issued by any authority or body or agency in accordance with which the other party is required or accustomed to act ("Reporting Requirements"); or
(b)	 to and between the other party's head office, branches or affiliates, or any persons or entities who provide services to such other party or its head office, branches or affiliates, in each case, in connection with such Reporting Requirements.
Each party acknowledges that pursuant to global regulatory reform initiatives, regulators require reporting of trade data to increase market transparency and enable regulators to monitor systemic risk to ensure safeguards are implemented globally.
Each party further acknowledges that disclosures made pursuant hereto may include, without limitation, the disclosure of trade information including a party's identity (by name, address, corporate affiliation, identifier or otherwise) to any swap or trade data repository or one or more systems or services operated by any trade repository ("TR") and any relevant regulators (including without limitation, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission or other U.S. regulators in the case of trade reporting under applicable U.S.
laws, and the European Securities and Markets Authority and national regulators in the E.U. under the E.U. Regulation No. 648/2012 on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories in the case of trade reporting under applicable E.U. laws) and that such disclosures could result in certain anonymous swap transaction and pricing data becoming available to the public. Each party further acknowledges that, for purposes of complying with regulatory reporting obligations, a party may use a third party service provider to transfer trade information into a TR and that a TR may engage the services of a global trade repository regulated by one or more governmental regulators. Each party also acknowledges that disclosures made pursuant hereto may be made to recipients in a jurisdiction other than that of the disclosing party or a jurisdiction that may not necessarily provide an equivalent or adequate level of protection for personal data as the counterparty's home jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) to the extent that applicable non-disclosure, confidentiality, bank secrecy, data privacy or other law imposes non-disclosure requirements on transaction and similar information required or permitted to be disclosed as contemplated herein but permits a party to waive such requirements by consent, the consent and acknowledgements provided herein shall be a consent by each party for purposes of such law; (ii) any agreement between the parties to maintain confidentiality of information contained in this Agreement or in any non- disclosure, confidentiality or other agreement shall continue to apply to the extent that such agreement is not inconsistent with the disclosure of information in connection with the Reporting Requirements as set out herein; and (iii) nothing herein is intended to limit the scope of any other consent to disclosure separately given by each party to the other party.
14
(n)	 Incorporation of the terms of the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol.
(a)	 From and including 25 January 2021, the terms of the Attachment to the ISDA 2020 IBOR Fallbacks Protocol published by ISDA on 23 October 2020 (IBOR Fallbacks Protocol) are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement the parties will each be deemed to be an 'Adhering Party' with respect to the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol as between themselves and references in the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol to a 'Protocol Covered Document' will be deemed to include references to this Agreement. If each of the parties subsequently becomes or is an Adhering Party to the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol by delivering an Adherence Letter to ISDA in accordance with the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol, to the extent that there is any inconsistency between this Part 5(p) and the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol, the this Part (p) shall prevail.
(b)	 Each party represents to the other party that the application of the terms of the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol and any amendment contemplated by the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol (including the Attachment thereto) will not, in and of itself, adversely affect the enforceability, effectiveness or validity of any obligations owed, whether by it or by any third party, under any Credit Support Document in respect of its obligations under this Transaction.
(c)	 Terms used in this Part 5(p) have the meaning given to those term in the IBOR Fallbacks Protocol unless another meaning is provided.
(o)	 Limited Recourse. Except as otherwise stated in the Agreement or this Schedule, any amounts owed or liabilities incurred by Party B in respect of any Transaction entered into under this Agreement may be satisfied solely from the assets of Party B. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and except as otherwise stated above, in no event shall Party A have recourse under this Agreement, whether by set-off or otherwise, with respect to any such amounts owed or liabilities incurred to or against (i) any assets of any person or entity (including, without limitation, any person or entity whose account is under the management of the General Partner) other than Party B, (ii) any assets of any affiliate of Party B, or (iii) any assets of the General Partner or any affiliate of such General Partner.
15
(p)	 Condition End Date. Section 2 of the Agreement is amended to add at the end a new Section 2(e), reading in its entirety as follows:
"(e) Condition End Date.
(i) If an Event of Default occurs, the Defaulting Party may, by notice to the Non-defaulting Party identifying the Event of Default and confirming its occurrence, specify that clause (iii) will apply to that Event of Default.
(ii) If a Potential Event of Default occurs with respect to a party, that party may, by notice to the other party identifying the Potential Event of Default and confirming its occurrence:
(A)  waive any requirement that notice be given or that any period of time elapse, by virtue of which waiver the Potential Event of Default will become an Event of Default; and
(B)  specify that clause (iii) will apply to that Event of Default.
(iii) If this clause (iii) applies to an Event of Default, then the condition precedent specified in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) with respect to that Event of Default will cease to be a condition precedent to each obligation of the Non- defaulting Party on the relevant Condition End Date. Any obligation that would have been payable or deliverable by the Non-defaulting Party but for Section 2(a)(iii)(1) will become payable or deliverable on the first Local Business Day falling after the Condition End Date (together with interest payable on demand in accordance with Section 9(h)(i)(3)(A) or compensation and interest payable on demand in accordance with Section 9(h)(i)(4)(A), as the case may be).
(iv) Subject to clause (v) below, if, after a party has given a notice under clause (i) or (ii) above with respect to an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default, another Event of Default or Potential Event of Default occurs with respect to that party, then, with respect to the earlier Event of Default, no Condition End Date will occur and therefore clause (iii) will not apply. This will not affect the right of that party to give a notice under clause (i) in respect of the subsequent Event of Default or under clause (ii) in respect of the subsequent Potential Event of Default. This clause (iv) is without prejudice to the right of the Defaulting Party to give a new notice to the Non-defaulting Party under clause (i) with respect to the earlier Event of Default.
(v) If the Defaulting Party has given a notice under clause (i) above in respect of an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(vii), then clause (iv) will not apply."
Section 14 of the Agreement is amended to add in the appropriate alphabetical position a new definition of "Condition End Date", reading in its entirety as follows:
"" Condition End Date" means, with respect to an Event of Default, the day falling 90 days after a notice given by the Defaulting Party under Section 2(e)(i) or Section 2(e)(ii) is effective if the Event of Default is still continuing on that day."
16
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this Agreement.
