SCHEDULE
to the
2002 Master Agreement
dated as of May 20, 2016
between
BANCO BILBAO VIZCAYA ARGENTARIA, S.A.,
a bank established under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain ,
("Party A")
and
Each of the entities listed in Exhibit A,
(each a "Party B")
Part 1
Termination Provisions
(a)	 "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of Sections 5(a)(v), 5(a)(vi), 5(a)(vii) and 5(b)(v): none;
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B for the purpose of Sections 5(a)(v), 5(a)(vi), 5(a)(vii) and 5(b)(v): none.
(b)	 "Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 but shall also include any transaction with respect to margin loans, cash loans and short sales of any financial instrument, and as amended by inserting the words, "or any Affiliate of Party A" immediately after "Agreement" in the second line thereof.
(c)	 The "Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi):
will apply to Party A
and will apply to Party B.
provided, however, that such provision shall be amended by inserting the following after clause (2) thereof:
"provided, however, that, notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur under 5(a)(vi)(2) above if (I) the failure to pay referred to in Section 5(a)(vi)(2) is caused by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature, (II) funds were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment when due and (III) such payment or delivery is made within three (3) Local Business Days following receipt of written notice from an interested party of such failure to pay."
In connection therewith, "Specified Indebtedness" will not have the meaning specified in Section 14, and such definition shall be replaced by the following: "any obligation in respect of the payment or repayment of moneys (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise), including, but without limitation, any obligation in respect of borrowed money except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business."
"Threshold Amount" means with respect to Party A an amount equal to three percent (3%) of the Shareholders' Equity of Party A and with respect to Party B, $75,000,000.
"Credit Agreement" means the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of March 25, 2011, as amended and restated as of September 30, 2011, as further amended and restated as of May 3, 2013, as further amended and restated as of March 27, 2014, as further amended and restated as of January 29, 2016 among LKQ Corporation and LKQ Delaware LLP, the Subsidiary Borrowers from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto from time to time, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Bank of America, N.A., as Syndication Agent, and The Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi UFJ, Ltd. and Citizens Bank, N.A, as Documentation Agents, as amended, extended, supplemented, restated or otherwise modified in writing from time to time.
"Shareholders' Equity" means with respect to an entity, at any time, the sum (as shown in the most recent annual audited financial statements of such entity) of (i) its capital stock (including preferred stock) outstanding, taken at par value, (ii) its capital surplus and (iii) its retained earnings, minus (iv) treasury stock, each to be determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
(d)	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v):
will apply to Party A
will apply to Party B
provided however, that "materially weaker" shall mean for any Party, Credit Support Provider or Specified Entity, as the case may be, ("X"):
(a) in the event X, immediately prior to such action, was rated by Standard and Poor's Rating Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies ("S&P") and /or Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") or any successor organisation and (i) S&P and/or Moody's rates the long term, unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations of the resulting, surviving or transferee entity immediately after such action at least three modifiers (a modifier being 1, 2, or 3 for Moody's; plus, neutral or minus for S&P) lower than that of the long term, unsecured, unsubordinated debt obligations of X immediately prior to such action or such rating is below investment grade, being BBB- for S&P and Baa3 for Moody's, or (ii) the resulting, surviving or transferee entity ceases to be rated by S&P and/or Moody's immediately after such action, or
(b) in the event X, immediately prior to such action, was not rated by S&P and/or Moody's, the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is, in the reasonable opinion of the Party which is not X, materially weaker than that of X immediately prior to such action.
For purposes hereof, X or the successor, surviving or transferee entity, as appropriate, will be the Affected Party.
(e)	 The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a):
will not apply to Party A
will not apply to Party B.
(f)	 "Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(g)	 Additional Termination Event will apply.
It shall be an Additional Termination Event hereunder, with respect to any Transactions, with respect to which Party B shall be the sole Affected Party, if (1)(a) Party's B's obligations under this Agreement cease or fail to be secured or guaranteed on the same terms in all relevant respects as the obligations of Party B under the Credit Agreement, (b) Party's B's Obligations under this Agreement cease or fail to be on a pari passu and pro rata basis under the Credit Agreement with the principal amount of the Loans (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of Party B and the Domestic Subsidiary Borrowers (as defined in the Credit Agreement), (c) an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement) occurs under the Credit Agreement, (d) the Credit Agreement shall be paid or prepaid in full, expire, terminate, or otherwise cease to be in full effect and, in any case, or (e) if a Change of Status pursuant to Part 5(w) occurs and Party B fails to notify Party A of such change, or (2) Party B fails, within five days after demand by Party A following such event described in clause (a), (b), (c) or (d) immediately above, to deliver substitute collateral reasonably satisfactory to Party A to secure Party B's obligations under this Agreement.
Part 2
Tax Representations
(a)	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will make the following representation:-
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B will make the following representations specified below, if any:-
(i)	 The following representations will apply to Party A:
It is:
(ii)	 (i) a banking corporation organized and existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain and has a Taxpayer ID number of A 48265169,(ii)  a "foreign person" within the meaning of Section 1.6041-4(a)(4) of the United States Treasury Regulations, (iii) a "non-U.S. branch of a foreign person" within the meaning of Section 1.1441-4(a)(3), of the United States Treasury Regulations.
and (iv) "U.S. branch of a foreign person" when Party A is acting through an Office or Agent located in the United States..  The following representations will apply to Party B:
Party B is a corporation created or organized under the laws of the State of Delaware and the federal taxpayer identification number is 36-4215970.
(iii)	 The following representation will apply to both Party A and B:
"For purposes of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and B make the following representations: Where a Party has received or is due to receive a payment ("Payee") from the other party ("Payer") in connection with this Agreement and the payment was/is from one of the Payer´s office to one of the Payee´s offices and:
(a) Both such offices are not located in the same country, then the Payee will make the following representation:
It is fully eligible for the benefits of the "Business Profits" or "Industrial and Commercial Profits" provision, as the case may be, the "Interest" provision or the "Other Income" provision (if any) of the Specified Treaty with respect to any payment described in such provisions and received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement and no such payment is attributable to a trade or business carried on by it through a permanent establishment in the Specified Jurisdiction.
If such representation applies, then:
"Specified Treaty" means, with respect to a Transaction, the double tax treaty (if any) between the country in which the Payer's office from which the payment is made is located and the country in which the Payee is resident for taxation purposes; and
"Specified Jurisdiction" means the country in which the Payer's office for payment in respect of the Transaction is located.
(2) Both such offices are located in the same country, then the Payee will make the following representation: Each Payment received or to be received in connection with this Agreement will be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the country in which the office for receipt of payment is located.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a) Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
Party required todeliver document	 Document	 Date by which to be delivered Party A and Party B
Party B	 Any document allowing any Party to the other to make or receive payments under this Agreement without withholding or deduction on account of any Tax or with such withholding or deduction at a reduced rate.
Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or W-8BENE (as applicable).	 Upon the earlier of (i) reasonable demand by either party and (ii) learning that such form or document is required.
Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement
(b) Other documents to be delivered are:-
Party requiredto deliverdocument	 Form/Document/Certificate	 Date by whichto be delivered	 Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A andParty B	 Certified copies of all corporate, partnership or membership authorizations, as the case may be, and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and any Credit Support Document	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement	 Yes Party A andParty B	 Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and any Credit Support Document	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party	 Yes Party A	 Annual Report of PARTY A containing audited, consolidated financial statements certified by independent certified public accountants and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party is organized	 Upon Request, provided however, that, with respect to Party A, such annual report shall be deemed to be delivered by Party A hereunder if on the date of such request such annual report is posted on Party A's website at www.bbva.com.	 Yes Party A	 Quarterly Financial Statements of PARTY A containing unaudited, consolidated financial statements of such party's fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party is organized	 To be made available on www.bbva.com as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Party A Party B	 Annual Report of Party B and of any Credit Support Provider thereof containing audited, consolidated financial statements certified by independent certified public accountants and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party and such Credit Support Provider is organized	 To be made available on www.lkqcorp.com as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Party B and of the Credit Support Provider	 Yes Party B	 Quarterly Financial Statements of Party B and any Credit Support Provider thereof containing unaudited, consolidated financial statements of such party's fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party and such Credit Support Provider is organized	 To be made available on www.lkqcorp.com as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Party B and of the Credit Support Provider	 Yes
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(a)	 Address for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:-
Address for notice or communications to Party A:
Address: Clara del Rey 26, 2ª Planta - 28002-Madrid
Attention: Treasury - Documentation
Facsimile: 91 537 09 55 (Confirmations)
91 537 05 79 (Notification)
Email as electronic messaging system (for confirmation purposes):
docderiv@grupobbva.com
Email as electronic messaging system (for fixing notifications):
C014382V@grupobbva.com
Address for portfolio data, discrepancy notices and dispute notices for the purposes of Risk Mitigation Techniques (as defined in Part 7(e)). Any notice shall only deem to be received upon receipt at the below-mentioned addresses:
-Portfolio data: portfolio.reconciliations.corp@bbva.com
-Notice of a discrepancy: portfolio.reconciliations.corp@bbva.com
-Dispute notice: portfolio.reconciliations.corp@bbva.com
Address for Change of Status Notice Address for the purposes of Part 7(d)(2).
Any notice shall only deem to be received upon receipt at the below-mentioned address:
\- Change of Status Notice: client.regulatory.services.es@bbva.com
Address for notice or communications to Party B:
Address: LKQ Corporation
500 West Madison Street, Suite 2800
Chicago, IL 60661
Attention: Jack B. Brooks
Telephone No.: 312/621-2774
Facsimile No.:  866/669-2811
Email Address: jbbrooks@lkqcorp.com
with a copy to:
Address: LKQ Corporation
500 West Madison Street, Suite 2800
Chicago, IL 60661
Attention: Victor Casini
Telephone No.: 312/621-2754
Facsimile No.: 312/280-3730
Email Address: victorcasini@lkqccorp.com
(b)	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c):
Party A appoints as its Process Agent:
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 44th floor, New York, NY 10105
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable for LKQ Corporation, for any other Party B formed or organized under the laws of a State of the United States of America Corporate Creations Network Inc., 15 North Mill Street, Nyack, New York 10960 for any Party B that is not formed or organized under the laws of a State of the United States of America.
(c)	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d)	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement:-
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may enter into a Transaction through any of the following Offices:
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (Madrid Head Office)
Address: Clara del Rey 26, 2ª Planta - 28002-Madrid
Attention: Treasury - Documentation
Facsimile: 91 537 09 55 (Confirmations)
91 537 05 79 (Notices)
Telephone: 34 91 374 83 21
Swift code: BBVAESMMFXD
(For all purposes and acting through its Madrid Head Office)
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. London Branch
One Canada Square, 44th Floor, London E14 5AA
Attention: Swaps Administration
Facsimile: 44 171 929 4718
Telephone: 44 171 623 3060
(Only when acting through its London Branch).
Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. New York Branch
1345 Avenue of the Americas, 44th floor
New York, NY 10105
Attention: Swaps Administration
Facsimile: 212.728.1636; 212.728.1607
Telephone: 212.333.2901
(Only when acting through its New York Branch).
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e)	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A.
(f)	 Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:-
Each of the following, as amended, extended, supplemented or otherwise modified in writing from time to time, is a "Credit Support Document":
In relation to Party B:
1) The Guaranty from LKQ Corporation for the benefit of each Party B in Exhibit A (as applicable); and
2) the Credit Agreement, and the Security Documents, or the Collateral Documents, as the case may be, as defined in the Credit Agreement.
Party B agrees that the security interests in collateral granted to Party A under the foregoing Credit Support Documents shall secure the obligations of Party B to Party A under this Agreement.
(g)	 Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to party A: Not applicable.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B: LKQ Corporation (as applicable in Exhibit A) and Subsidiary Borrowers and Subsidiary Guarantors, each as defined in the Credit Agreement, excluding, however, any Subsidiary, as defined in the Credit Agreement, that would become an Affected Foreign Subsidiary, as defined in the Credit Agreement, if it guaranteed or became liable for, or granted any security interests to secure, the obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction.
(h)	 Governing Law. This Agreement and any and all controversies arising out of or in relation to this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to its conflict of laws doctrine).
(i)	 Netting of Payments. Section 2(c)(ii) of this Agreement shall apply; provided that either party may cause payments due on the same day in the same currency (between the same Offices) but under different Transactions to be discharged and replaced with a single, netted payment obligation by providing the other party with a written statement detailing the calculation of such net amount payable not later than three Business Days prior to the relevant due date.
(j)	  "Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k)	 Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c):-
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, none;
"Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, none.
(l)	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(m)	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, each of the following will constitute an Additional Representation:-
(i)	 Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):-
(1)	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and, it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate
or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(2)	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3)	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an advisor to it in respect of that Transaction.
(ii)	 Each party makes the representations below (which representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into):
(1)	 Eligible Contract Participant. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into that it is an "eligible contract participant" and that each guarantor of its Swap Obligations (as defined below), if any, is an "eligible contract participant," as such term is defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.  For purposes of this provision, "Swap Obligation" means an obligation incurred with respect to a transaction that is a "swap" as defined in the Section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act and CFTC Regulation 1.3(xxx).
(2)	 Line of Business. It has entered into this Agreement (including each Transaction evidenced hereby) in conjunction with its line of business (including financial intermediation services) or the financing of its business. It represents and warrants that all transactions effected under this Agreement (a) will be appropriate in the conduct and management of its business, (b) will be entered into for non-speculative purposes, and (c) as to Party B, Party B represents that all Transactions effected under this Agreement constitute transactions entered into for purposes of hedging or managing risks related to its assets or liabilities as currently owned or incurred, or likely to be owned or incurred in the conduct of its business.
(n)	 Recording of Conversations. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges and agrees to the recording of conversations and to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording from and between trading and marketing personnel of the parties to this Agreement whether by one or other or both of the parties or their agents.
ts.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(a)	 Financial Statements. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period:
"or, in the case of financial statements, a fair presentation of the financial condition of the relevant party."
(b)	 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. Annexes 1 to 18 and Section 6 of the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement Protocol as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on July 15, 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement. References in those definitions and provisions to any ISDA Master Agreement will be deemed to be references to this Master Agreement.
(c)
WAIVER OF RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY.  EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY CREDIT SUPPORT DOCUMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
(d)
Method of Notice. Section 12(a)(ii) of the Master Agreement is deleted in its entirety.
(e)
Safe Harbors. Each party to this Agreement acknowledges that:
(i)	 This Agreement, including any Credit Support Document, is a "master netting agreement" as defined in the U.S. Bankruptcy Code (the "Code"), and this Agreement, including any Credit Support Document, and each Transaction hereunder is of a type set forth in Section 561(a)(1)-(5) of the Code; (ii)	 Party A is a "master netting agreement participant," a "financial institution," a "financial participant,"' a "forward contract merchant" and a "swap participant" as defined in the Code, All transfers of cash, securities or other property under or in connection with this Agreement, any Credit Support Document or any Transaction hereunder are "margin payments," "settlement payments" and "transfers" under Sections 546(c), (f), (g) or (j), and under Section 548(d)(2) of the Code; and (iii)	 Each obligation under this Agreement, any Credit Support Document or any Transaction hereunder is an obligation to make a "margin payment," "settlement payment" and "payment" within the meaning of Sections 362, 560 and 561 of the Code.
(f)
Hedge Agreement. Party B represents to Party A (which representation will be deemed to be repeated by Party B on each date on which a Transaction is entered into) that this Agreement is a Hedge Agreement as defined in the Credit Agreement.
(g)
Withholding Tax Imposed on Payments to Non-U.S. Counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. (a) For purposes of any Payer Tax Representation, the words "any Tax from any payment" shall not include any tax imposed under Sections 1471 and 1472 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (or the United States Treasury regulations or other guidance issued or any agreements entered into thereunder) ("FATCA Withholding Tax"); (b) for the avoidance of doubt the parties agree that for purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement the deduction or withholding of FATCA Withholding Tax is required by applicable law; and (c) the definition of "Indemnifiable Tax" shall not include any FATCA Withholding Tax
(h)	 Timely Confirmation Amendment
(a) Section 9(e)(ii) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the clause in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:
(ii) The Parties intend that they are legally bound by the terms of each Transaction from the moment they agree to those terms (whether orally or otherwise). A Confirmation will be entered into as soon as possible and may be executed and delivered in counterparts (including by facsimile transmission) or be created by an exchange of telexes, by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system or by an exchange of e-mails or, if agreed by the Parties, the Documenting Party will be entitled to make available to the Receiving Party the Confirmations in a webpage to which the Receiving Party has access through a personalized code and/or electronic signature, or by other method intended by the parties to be effective for the purpose of confirming or evidencing such Transaction, which in each case will be sufficient for all purposes to evidence a binding supplement to this Agreement. The parties will specify therein or through another effective means that any such counterpart, telex, electronic message or e-mail constitutes a Confirmation.
(b) When the Parties have entered into a Transaction through an oral agreement concluded over the telephone and, despite that a legally binding agreement exists from the moment the parties agree (whether orally or otherwise) on the terms of the Transaction, in compliance with EMIR the Parties have the obligation to confirm the Transactions within the time limits stipulated in EMIR and any Supplementing Regulation that will depend on the type of counterparty, the type of Transaction and the Trade Date (the "Specified Time Limit").
With the purpose of complying with the obligations imposed by EMIR within the Specified Time Limit, the Parties agree on the following:
(i) Email will be considered to be an appropriate way to send the Confirmations by the Documenting Party, being valid any email address provided by the Receiving Party in the Master Agreement, Confirmations or any other documents or communications for this purpose. Additionally, if agreed by the Parties, the Documenting Party will be entitled to make available to the Receiving Party the Confirmations in a webpage to which the Receiving Party has access through a personalized code and/or electronic signature.
(ii) The Documenting Party will draft the Confirmation/s and will, send it/them or make it/them available to the Receiving Party as soon as possible.
Once the Confirmation sent by the Documenting Party has been received, and once the terms contained therein have been reviewed, the Receiving Party, will:
1.validate electronically, by email, fax or, as the case may be, return the Confirmation duly signed to the Receiving Party; or
2.communicate to the Delivery Party any discrepancies or mistakes detected, in which case both Parties undertake to make their best efforts in order to solve the discrepancies identified and confirm the Transaction as soon as possible.
For the purpose of this Provision, the "Specified Time Limit" will be split into two halves, so that the Documenting Party has the first half of the Specified Time Limit to comply with its obligations and, the Receiving Party will have the second half of the Specified Time Limit to comply with its own obligations.
For the purpose of complying with EMIR, the Parties agree that once the Specified Time Limit has elapsed without having the Receiving Party expressed its disagreement, the Transaction (or, as the case may be, the amendment or cancellation of any Transactions) will be considered to have been confirmed in the terms sent by Documenting Party, unless manifest error. Notwithstanding the aforementioned, if the Documenting Party exceeds the period of time it has in order to prepare and send or make available to the other Party the Confirmation (i.e. half of the Specified Time Limit), the Transaction will not be considered to be confirmed until the same period since the Confirmation was available to/received by the Receiving Party has elapsed. All the foregoing is without prejudice to the commitment of the Parties to make their best efforts to expressly confirm the Transactions (or, as the case may be, the amendment or cancelation of any Transactions) by any means agreed and within the Specified Time Limit.
For the purpose of determining the date of receipt of the Confirmation Section 12 of the ISDA Master Agreement will apply.
Without prejudice to other liabilities in which it may incur, failure by the Documenting Party to comply with its obligations under this provision shall not constitute an Event of Default or a Termination Event.
(i)	 Only ECPs Can Be Guarantors. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any credit agreement or guaranty, no person providing a guaranty of any obligation of Party B under this Agreement (each such person, a "Guarantor") shall be deemed to be a guarantor of, or to have granted a security interest to secure any guaranty by Guarantor of, any Swap Obligation (as defined below) if such Guarantor is not an "Eligible Contract Participant" as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the applicable rules and regulations issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the Securities and Exchange Commission (collectively, and as now or hereafter in effect, "the ECP Rules") at the time Party B entered into any applicable Transaction (each such Swap Obligation, an "Excluded Swap Obligation"), but solely to the extent that the providing of such guaranty by such Guarantor, or grant of a security interest to secure any guaranty by Guarantor, of any Swap Obligation by such Guarantor would violate the ECP Rules or other applicable law or regulation. Except as expressly set forth in the preceding sentence, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to restrict, reduce or waive any obligation of any such Guarantor under any guaranty or other Credit Support Document, and such guaranty or other Credit Support Document shall continue to guarantee, or grant a security interest to secure, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, each Swap Obligation that is not an Excluded Swap Obligation.
The term "Swap Obligation" means any obligation of any person to pay or perform under any Transaction that constitutes a "swap" as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act.
(j)	 USA PATRIOT Act Notice. Party A hereby notifies Party B that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "Act"), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Party B, which information includes the name and address of Party B and other information that will allow Party A to identify Party B in accordance with the Act.
(k)	 Dodd-Frank Reporting. The parties hereby agree that, as between Party A and Party B, Party A shall be responsible for all reporting of the terms of each Transactions required pursuant to 17 C.F.R. 43 and 17 C.F.R. 45 (the "CFTC Swap Reporting Requirements"). Party A shall act as, and assume all obligations of, the "Reporting Party" (within the meaning of such term as set forth in 17 C.F.R. 43.2)
arising under 17 C.F.R. 43 and shall act as, and shall assume all obligations of, the "reporting counterparty" (within the meaning of such term as set forth in 17 C.F.R. 45.2) arising under 17 C.F.R. 45. Party A covenants and agrees that it shall report the terms of each Transactions at the times, and in the manner, required under the CFTC Swap Reporting Requirements.
(l)	 ISDA Dodd Frank Protocols. If, prior to the date hereof, both parties have adhered to the ISDA August DF Protocol Agreement, as published on August 13, 2012, by ISDA (the "August Protocol Agreement"), the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement, as published on March 22, 2013, by ISDA (the "March Protocol Agreement"), or both, and have delivered "Matched Questionnaires" (as defined in the August Protocol Agreement and March Protocol Agreement, as applicable), the parties hereto agree that this Master Agreement shall be supplemented to the same extent as if it were a "Matched PCA" under the August Protocol Agreement and March Protocol Agreement, as applicable.
(m)
Definitions. This Agreement incorporates, and is subject to, the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "Definitions"). In respect of FX Transactions and Currency Options (each as defined in the 1998 ISDA FX and Currency Options Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "FX Definitions")) only, the definitions and provisions contained in the FX Definitions will be incorporated into this Agreement. The 2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and otherwise as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time (the "Commodity Definitions"), are also incorporated by reference in this Agreement.
In the event of any inconsistency between any of the following documents in respect of a relevant transaction, the relevant document first listed below shall govern: (i) a Confirmation; (ii) the Schedule; (iii) the relevant Product ISDA Definitions; (iv) the Definitions; and (v) the printed form of the ISDA Master Agreement.
"Product ISDA Definitions": means any definitions published by ISDA by product type (otherwise as amended, supplemented or modified from time to time) that are, or may be, incorporated by reference to this Agreement from time to time.
(n)	 Section 2(a)(iii): An amendment to Section 2(a)(iii) is made by adding the following new sections:
(iv) If an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred and is continuing in relation to a party ("X"), then the condition precedent specified in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) will cease to be a condition precedent to each obligation of the other party ("Y") under Section 2(a)(i) on the "Condition End Date", being the first Local Business Day following the date falling 90 days after the first date on which Y does not make a payment or delivery otherwise due from it (after the application of Section 2(c)) in reliance on the condition precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) following the occurrence of the relevant Event of Default or Potential Event of Default, unless a subsequent Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred in relation to X and is continuing, in which case the Condition End Date will be the first Local Business Day following the date falling 90 days after the first due date on which Y does not make a payment or delivery otherwise due from it (after the application of Section 2(c)) in reliance on the condition precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) following the occurrence of each subsequent Event of Default or Potential Event of Default.
(v) For the avoidance of doubt, Section 2(a)(iii) applies to each obligation of each party under Section 2(a)(i), after the application of Section 2(c).
(vi) For the avoidance of doubt, if the condition precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) is not satisfied with respect to a party ("X") when an obligation of the other party ("Y") would (but for such condition
precedent) become payable or deliverable to X under Section 2(a)(i), then the obligation of Y will become payable or deliverable on the first to occur of
(A) the date on which all applicable conditions precedent to such obligation under Section 2(a)(iii) are satisfied, (B) the Condition End Date or (C) the date on which all applicable conditions precedent cease to apply under any other provision of this Agreement.
(o)	 Fully Paid Transactions. The condition precedent in Section 2 (a) (iii)
(1) does not apply to a payment and delivery due to a party if such party shall have satisfied in full all its payment or delivery obligations under Section 2 (a) (i) of this Agreement and shall at the relevant time have no future payment obligations, whether absolute or contingent, under Section 2
(a) (i).
(p)	 Change of Account: Section 2 (b) of this Agreement is hereby amended by the insertion of the following at the end thereof after the word "change":-
"; provided that if such new account shall not be in the same jurisdiction having the power to tax as the original account, the party not changing its account shall not be obliged to pay any greater amounts and shall not receive less as a result of such change than would have been the case if such change had not taken place."
(q)	 Definitions: Section 14 of the Agreement is hereby completed by the insertion of the following terms:
"Balancing Payment Amount" means, with respect to a Relevant Clearable Transaction, the amount, if any, required to be paid between the parties (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be payable by or to a Change of Status Party) in order to reflect the difference between (1) the pricing of the Relevant Clearable Transaction by reference to the terms of such Relevant Clearable Transaction immediately prior to any amendments or modifications agreed by the parties pursuant to Part 5(16)(3)(1)(A)(I) below and (2) the pricing of the Relevant Clearable Transaction by reference to the terms of such Relevant Clearable Transaction immediately following any amendments or modifications agreed between the parties pursuant to Part 5(16)(3)(1)(A)(I) below.
"Balancing Risk Mitigation Payment Amount" means, with respect to a Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction, the amount, if any, required to be paid between the parties (which, for the avoidance of doubt, may be payable by or to a Change of Status Party) in order to reflect the difference between (1) the pricing of the Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction by reference to the terms of such Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction immediately prior to any amendments or modifications agreed by the parties pursuant to Part 5(16)(3)(1)(B)(I) below and (2) the pricing of the Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction by reference to the terms of such Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction immediately following any amendments or modifications agreed between the parties pursuant to Part 5(16)(3)(1)(B)(I) below.
"CCP" means a central clearing house authorised under Article 14 of EMIR or recognised under Article 25 of EMIR.
"CCP Service" means in respect of a CCP, an over-the-counter derivative clearing service offered by such CCP.
"Change of Status" means that the Status Representation proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect (or deemed repeated) by such Party.
"Change of Status Party" means a Party in respect of which the Status Representation proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made (or deemed repeated) by such Party.
"Cleared" means, in respect of a Transaction, that such Transaction has been submitted (including where details of such Transaction are submitted) to a CCP for clearing in a relevant CCP Service and that such CCP has become a party to a resulting or corresponding transaction, as applicable.
"Commission" means the executive body of the European Union which is responsible for proposing legislation, implementing decisions, upholding the European Union's treaties and the day-to-day running of the European Union.
"Documenting Party" means Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A.
"EMIR" means Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 of the European Parliament and of the Council on OTC derivatives, central counterparties and trade repositories dated 4 July 2012.
"ESMA" means the European Securities and Markets Authority established by Regulation (EU) No 1095/2010 of the European Parliament and of the Council.
"European Union" means the economic and political union established in 1993 by the Maastricht Treaty, with the aim of achieving closer economic and political union between member states that are primarily located in Europe.
"Receiving Party" means the Counterparty.
"Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction Risk Mitigation Deadline Date" means the later of (1) the sixth Business Day following the date on which both parties are aware that the Status Representation in Part 5 (16) was incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made (or deemed repeated) by a Party and (2) the last day of any transitional period provided in published official guidance, if any, from ESMA or the Commission in respect of the implementation of the relevant Risk Mitigation Techniques following the Change in Status from an entity not subject to the clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR to an entity subject to the clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR.
"Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date" means the date by which the Relevant Transaction is, or was, required to be Cleared under and in accordance with EMIR.
"Risk Mitigation Techniques" means the risk mitigation techniques for OTC derivative transactions set out in Article 11 of EMIR as supplemented by Chapter VIII of the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 149/2013 published 23 February 2013 in the Official Journal of the European Union.
"Third party service provider" refers to an entity that the parties agree will perform all or part of the actions under the relevant provision for both parties.
(r)	 [Intentionally Omitted]
(s)	 Confidentiality Waiver
(t)	 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any non- disclosure, confidentiality or other agreement between the parties, each party hereby consents to the disclosure of information:
(1) to the extent required or permitted under, or made in accordance with, the provisions of EMIR and any applicable supporting law, rule or regulation ("EMIR and Supporting Regulation") which mandate reporting and/or retention of transaction and similar information or to the extent required or permitted under, or made in accordance with, any order or directive in relation to (and including)
EMIR and Supporting Regulation regarding reporting and/or retention of transaction and similar information issued by any authority or body or agency in accordance with which the other party is required or accustomed to act ("Reporting Requirements"); or
(2) to and between the other party's head office, branches or Affiliates, or any persons or entities who provide services to such other party or its head office, branches or Affiliates, in each case, in connection with such Reporting Requirements.
Each party acknowledges that pursuant to EMIR and Supporting Regulation, regulators require reporting of trade data to increase market transparency and enable regulators to monitor systemic risk to ensure safeguards are implemented globally.
Each party further acknowledges that disclosures made pursuant hereto may include, without limitation, the disclosure of trade information including a party's identity (by name, address, corporate affiliation, identifier or otherwise) to any trade repository registered in accordance with Article 55 of EMIR or recognised in accordance with Article 77 of EMIR or one or more systems or services operated by any such trade repository ("TR") and any relevant regulators (including without limitation, the European Securities and Markets Authority and national regulators in the European Union) under EMIR and Supporting Regulation and that such disclosures could result in certain anonymous transaction and pricing data becoming available to the public. Each party further acknowledges that, for purposes of complying with regulatory reporting obligations, a party may use a third party service provider to transfer trade information into a TR and that a TR may engage the services of a global trade repository regulated by one or more governmental regulators.
Each party also acknowledges that disclosures made pursuant hereto may be made to recipients in a jurisdiction other than that of the disclosing party or a jurisdiction that may not necessarily provide an equivalent or adequate level of protection for personal data as the counterparty's home jurisdiction. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) to the extent that applicable non-disclosure, confidentiality, bank secrecy, data privacy or other law imposes non- disclosure requirements on transaction and similar information required or permitted to be disclosed as contemplated herein but permits a party to waive such requirements by consent, the consent and acknowledgements provided herein shall be a consent by each party for purposes of such law; (ii) any agreement between the parties to maintain confidentiality of information contained in this Agreement or in any non-disclosure, confidentiality or other agreement shall continue to apply to the extent that such agreement is not inconsistent with the disclosure of information in connection with the Reporting Requirements as set out herein; and (iii) nothing herein is intended to limit the scope of any other consent to disclosure separately given by each party to the other party.
The consenting party represents and warrants that any third party to whom it owes a duty of confidence in respect of the information disclosed has consented to the disclosure of that information.
(u)	 Remedies for Breach
Without prejudice to the rights, powers, remedies and privileges provided by law, any inaccuracy of the representation and warranty in the Confidentiality Waiver provision set forth in Part 5 clause (13) will not constitute an Event of Default or Termination Event in respect of such party.
(v)	 Notices
Section 12(a) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting the clause in its entirety and substituting the following in lieu thereof:
Effectiveness. Any notice or other communication in respect of this Agreement may be given in any manner described below (except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by electronic system or e-mail) to the address or number in accordance with the electronic messaging system or e-mail details provided (see the Schedule) and will be deemed effective as indicated:
•	 if in writing and delivered in person or by courier, on the date it is delivered; •	 if sent by telex, on the date the recipient's answerback is received; •	 if sent by facsimile transmission, on the date it is received by a responsible employee of the recipient in legible form (it being agreed that the burden of proving receipt will be on the sender and will not be met by transmission report generated by the sender's facsimile machine):
•	 if sent by certified or registered mail (airmail, if overseas) or the equivalent (return receipt requested), on the date it is delivered or its delivery attempted; •	 if sent by electronic messaging system, on the date it is received; •	 if sent by email, on the date it is delivered; or •	 if made available in a webpage to which the Parties have access through a personalized code and/or electronic signature, on the date it is uploaded
unless the date of delivery (or attempted delivery) or that receipt, as applicable, is not a Local Business Day or that communication is delivered (or attempted) or received, as applicable, after the close of business on a Local Business Day, in which case that communication will be deemed given and effective on the first following day that is a Local Business Day.
(a)	 Status Representation
(1) Both Parties acknowledge that their obligations may change due to their relevant status under EMIR and, consequently, each Party must represent to the other which of the following status a), b), c) or d) is applicable for the relevant Party in connection with EMIR ("Status"):
a) FC: it is a Financial Counterparty (as such term is defined in EMIR); or (ii) an entity established outside the European Union that would constitute a Financial Counterparty if it were established in the European Union; and therefore, it is subject to the obligations set forth in EMIR for this kind of entities.
b) NFC-:
1) it is either (A) a Non-Financial Counterparty (as such term is defined in EMIR) or (B) an entity established outside the European Union that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, having given due and proper consideration to its status, would constitute a Non-Financial Counterparty if it were established in the European Union; and
2) it is not subject to a clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR (or, in respect of an entity under subparagraph (1)(b)(1)(B) above, would not be subject to the clearing obligation if it were established in the European Union) in respect of such Transaction. For the purposes of this subparagraph (1)(b)(2) of this representation, it is assumed that the Transaction is of a type that has been declared to be subject to the clearing obligation in accordance with Article 5 of EMIR and is subject to the clearing obligation in accordance with Article 4 of EMIR (whether or not in fact this is the case), and that any transitional provisions in EMIR are ignored.
c) NFC+:
1) It is either (A) a Non Financial Counterparty; or (B) an entity established outside the European Union that, to the best of its knowledge and belief, having given due and proper consideration to its status, would constitute a Non Financial Counterparty if it were established in the European Union; and
2) It is subject to the clearing obligation pursuant to EMIR (or in respect of an entity under subparagraph (1)(c)(1)(B) above, would be subject to the clearing obligation if it were established in the European Union) in respect of such Transaction. For the purposes of this subparagraph (1)(c)(2) of this representation, it is assumed that the Transaction is of a type that has been declared to be subject to the clearing obligation in accordance with Article 5 of EMIR and is subject to the clearing obligation in accordance with Article 4 of EMIR (whether or not in fact this is the case), and that any transitional provisions in EMIR are ignored.
d) Exempted Counterparty: It is an entity of the kind foreseen in article 1.4 (as completed by the Commission pursuant to 1.6 EMIR) or 1.5 EMIR and, therefore, it is exempted from the obligations imposed by EMIR.
For this purpose:
Each Party B represents to Party A on each date and at each time on which it enters into a Transaction (which representation will be, subject to subparagraph (2) Status and Change of Status below, deemed to be repeated by each Party B at all times while such Transaction remains outstanding) that it is a NFC-.
Party A represents to Party B on each date and at each time on which it enters into a Transaction (which representation will be, subject to subparagraph (2) below, deemed to be repeated by BBVA at all times while such Transaction remains outstanding) that it is a FC.
(2) Status and Change of Status
If a Change of Status occurs, the Change of Status Party shall notify it the other Party immediately and no later than the following Local Business Day (the "Change of Status Notification"). The Change of Status Notification will be delivered to the address details set out in Part 4(a) above in the manner set out in Section 12(a) of the Agreement, even though the information regarding the Change of Status is available in a public or private source. The Change of Status Notification will contain the new Status Representation of the Change of Status Party and the date in which the Change of Status became or will become effective.
(3) Effects of a Change of Status
1\.  If the Status Representation in subparagraph (1) above proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made (or deemed repeated) by a Party, the parties will use all reasonable efforts, negotiating in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner, to:
A) If the Change of Status implies that a Transaction which was not subject to the clearing obligation set forth in Article 4 of EMIR becomes subject to such clearing obligation (the "Relevant Clearable Transaction"): if the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date has not occurred, (I) agree, implement and apply any amendments or modifications to the terms of such Relevant Clearable Transaction and/or to take any steps, as applicable, to ensure that such Relevant Clearable Transaction
is Cleared by the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date, including any amendments, modifications and/or steps, as applicable, to ensure the payment of any Balancing Payment Amount under Part 5 (16)(3)(1)(A)(II); and (II) agree the Balancing Payment Amount, if any, payable between the parties and the date on which any such Balancing Payment Amount is to be paid; and
B) 1\. If the Change of Status implies that a Transaction which was subject to the clearing obligation set forth in Article 4 of EMIR ceases to be subject to such clearing obligation (the "Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction"): (I) agree, implement and apply any amendments or modifications to the terms of any Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction, or to any related processes, and/or to take any steps to ensure that the relevant Risk Mitigation Techniques are adhered to in respect of each such Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction from, and including, the Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction Risk Mitigation Deadline Date, including any amendments, modifications and/or steps, as applicable, to ensure the payment of any Balancing Risk Mitigation Payment Amount under Part 5 (16)(3)(1)(B)(II); and (II) agree the Balancing Risk Mitigation Payment Amount, if any, payable between the parties and the date on which any such Balancing Risk Mitigation Payment Amount is to be paid.
2. If:
A) subject to subparagraph (3)(5) below, any Relevant Clearable Transaction is not Cleared by the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date (including, without limitation, as a result of the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date occurring before the date on which both parties are aware that the Status Representation in respect of such Relevant Clearable Transaction was incorrect or misleading in any material respect); or
B) the Risk Mitigation Techniques are not adhered to in respect of any Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction by the Relevant Non-Clearable Transaction Risk Mitigation Deadline Date,
(b)	 it will constitute an Additional Termination Event in respect of which
(I) such Relevant Transaction(s) will be the sole Affected Transaction(s); and (II) the Change of Status Party will be the sole Affected Party pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement.
3. Without prejudice to the rights, powers, remedies and privileges provided by law, neither the making by a party of an incorrect or misleading Status Representation nor the failure of a party to take any actions required by subparagraph (3)(1) to negotiate in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner will constitute an Event of Default under the Agreement.
4. Failure by a party, for whatever reason, to take any action required by subparagraph (3)(1) will not prevent it designating an Early Termination Date as a result of the occurrence of the Additional Termination Event in subparagraph (3)(2).
5. With respect to a Relevant Clearable Transaction and without prejudice to subparagraph (3)(2)(A), in the event that the parties have taken action under subparagraph (3)(1) to ensure that such Relevant Clearable Transaction is Cleared by the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date but such Relevant Clearable Transaction is not Cleared by the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date for reasons set out in any execution and give-up agreement (howsoever described) between the parties, the consequences of such Relevant Clearable Transaction not being Cleared by the Relevant Transaction Clearing Deadline Date will be the consequences set out in the relevant execution and give-up agreement (howsoever described) between the parties and the Additional Termination Event in subparagraph (3)(2)(A) will not apply.
(c)	 Escrow: If (by reason of the time difference between the cities in which payments or deliveries are to be made or otherwise), it is not possible for simultaneous payments or deliveries to be made on any date on which both parties are required to make payments or deliveries hereunder, either party may at its option and in its sole discretion notify the other party that payments or deliveries on such date are to be made in escrow. In such case, the deposit of the payment or delivery due earlier on that date shall be made by 2.00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment or delivery) on that date with an escrow agent selected by the notifying party, provided this escrow agent is independent of either party and has a long term credit rating of at least A3 (Moody's) or A- (S&P), as the case may be, accompanied by irrevocable payment or delivery instructions:
(i)  To release the deposited payment or delivery to the intended recipient upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment or delivery from the other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment or delivery instructions to the same effect, or
(ii) If the required deposit of the corresponding payment or delivery is not made on the same date, to return the payment or delivery deposited to the party that paid or delivered into escrow.
The notifying party shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements and shall cause those arrangements to provide that (A) in the case of a Payment obligation under Section 2 (a) (i), the intended recipient of the payment due to be deposited first shall be entitled to interest on that deposited payment for each day in the period of its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that date for overnight deposits in the relevant currency in the office where it holds the deposit payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on that day) if the payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any reason other than the intended recipient´s failure to make the escrow deposit it was required to make in a timely manner, and (B) in the case of a delivery obligation under Section 2 (a) (i), the intended recipient of the delivery due to be deposited first shall be entitled to compensation as and to the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement if the deposited deliver is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any reason other than the intended recipient´s failure to make the escrow deposit it was required to make in a timely manner.
(d)	 Scope of the Agreement: Notwithstanding anything contained in this Master Agreement to the contrary, if the parties enter into any of the following transactions, including an agreement with respect to any such transaction, (whether before or after this Agreement is entered to): a rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross- currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) and any combination of these transactions, such transaction shall, unless such confirmation specifically states to the contrary, be subject to, governed by and construed in accordance with, the terms of this Agreement even when not so specified in the confirmation relating thereto. Each such transaction shall be a Transaction and any document or other confirming evidence exchanged between the parties confirming each such transaction shall be a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement.
From the date hereof, all Transactions entered into prior to the date hereof between the parties hereto shall be governed by and construed in accordance with this Agreement, notwithstanding the terms of any agreement or confirmation which purports to govern the same. Each agreement or confirmation governing any Transaction entered into prior to the date hereof shall constitute a supplement to, and form a part of, this Agreement, and will be read and construed as one with this Agreement, and all such agreements and confirmations constitute a single agreement.
(e)	 The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes (1 to 5) and Section 6 of the EMU Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on May 6, 1998 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement. References in those definitions and provisions to any "ISDA Master Agreement" will be deemed to be references to this Agreement.
(f)	  Contractual Recognition of Bail-in
Each party acknowledges and accepts that liabilities arising under this agreement may be subject to the exercise of the Bail-in Power by the relevant resolution authority and acknowledges and accepts to be bound by any Bail-in Action Termination and the effects thereof, which may include, without limitation:
(a) the early termination and valuation of all transactions (or all transactions relating to one or more netting sets, as applicable) under this agreement; and
(b) if the Bail-in Termination Amount is determined to be payable by the BRRD Party to the Creditor Counterparty pursuant to any such Bail-in Action Termination:
(i) a reduction, in full or in part, of the Bail-in Termination Amount;
(ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, the Bail-in Termination Amount into shares or  other instruments of ownership, in which case the Creditor Counterparty acknowledges  and accepts that any such shares or other instruments of ownership may be issued to or  conferred upon it as a result of the Bail-in Action Termination; and/or
(iii) a variation, modification and/or amendment to the terms of this agreement as may  be necessary to give effect to any such Bail-in Action Termination.
(2)Each party acknowledges and accepts that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understanding between the parties relating to the subject matter of this agreement and that no further notice shall be required between the parties pursuant to the agreement in to order to give effect to the matters described herein.
For the purposes of the above:
"Bail-in Action Termination" means the exercise of any Bail-in Power by the relevant resolution
authority in respect of all transactions (or all transactions relating to one or more netting sets, as applicable) under this agreement.
"Bail-in Termination Amount" means the early termination amount or early termination amounts (howsoever described), together with any accrued but unpaid interest thereon, determined pursuant to the Bail-in Action Termination in respect of all transactions (or all transactions relating to one or more netting sets, as applicable) under this agreement (before, for the avoidance of doubt, any such amount is written down or converted by the relevant resolution authority).
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms.
"BRRD Party" means the party in respect of which the Bail-in Power has been exercised by the relevant resolution authority.
"Creditor Counterparty" means the party which is not the BRRD Party.
"Bail-in Power" means any write-down or conversion power existing from time to time (including for this purpose, without limitation, any power to terminate and value transactions and any power to amend or alter the maturity of eligible liabilities of an institution under resolution or amend the amount of interest payable under such eligible liabilities or the date on which interest becomes payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period) under, and exercised in compliance with, any laws, regulations, rules or requirements in effect in Spain:
(a) relating to the transposition of the BRRD as amended from time to time, including but not limited to, Law 11/2015 of 18 June as amended from time to time, and the instruments, rules and standards created thereunder, and
(b) constituting or relating to the SRM Regulation as amended from time to time, in each case, pursuant to which the obligations of a regulated entity (or other affiliate of a regulated entity) can be reduced (including to zero), cancelled or converted into shares, other securities, or other obligations of such regulated entity or any other person.
A reference to a "regulated entity" is to an entity subject to the scope of application of Law 11/2015 which includes certain credit institutions, investment firms, and certain of their parent or holding companies and, with respect to the SRM Regulation, to any entity referred to in Article 2 of the SRM Regulation.
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010
Part 6
Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Foreign Exchange Option Transactions
(a)	 Incorporation of Definitions. The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions) and Currency Option Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions). Terms defined in the FX Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.
(b)	 Scope.  Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, each FX Transaction and Currency Option Transaction entered into between the parties before, on or after the date of this Agreement shall be a Transaction under this Agreement and shall be part of, subject to and governed by this Agreement. FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions shall be part of, subject to and governed by this Agreement even if the Confirmation in respect thereof does not state that such FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction is subject to or governed by this Agreement or does not otherwise reference this Agreement.
When an FX Transaction or a Currency Option is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system or other document or other confirming evidence
exchanged between the parties confirming such Transaction, such messages, document or evidence will constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement even where not so specified therein.
(c)	 Premium Netting. If, on any date, and unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, Premiums would otherwise be payable hereunder in the same Currency between the same respective offices of the parties, then, on such date, each party's obligation to make payment of such Premiums will be automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate Premiums that would otherwise have been payable by such office of one party exceeds the aggregate Premiums that would otherwise have been payable by such office of the other party, replaced by an obligation upon the party by whom the larger aggregate Premiums would have been payable to pay the other party the excess of the larger aggregate Premiums over the smaller aggregate Premiums, and if the aggregate Premiums are equal, no payment shall be made.
(d)	 Payment Netting of FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions.
Multiple Transaction Payment Netting shall not apply to FX Transactions or Currency Option Transactions. Unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, if on any date more than one delivery of a particular Currency is to be made between a pair of offices with respect to settlement of FX Transactions or Currency Option Transactions (but excluding payments with respect to option premiums and cash settled options), then each party shall aggregate the amounts of such Currency deliverable by it and only the difference between these aggregate amounts shall be delivered by the party owing the larger aggregate amount to the other party, and, if the aggregate amounts are equal, no delivery of the Currency shall be made.
(e)	 Payment Instructions. All payments to be made hereunder in respect of FX and Currency Option Transactions shall be made in accordance with standing payment instructions provided by the parties from tune to time in writing (or as otherwise specified in a Confirmation).
(f)	 Automatic Exercise. Article 3, Section 3.6(c)(i), line six of the FX Definitions which currently reads "one percent of the Strike Price" shall be amended to read "0.5% of the Strike Price,"
(g)	 Terms Relating to Premium. Article 3, Section 3.4. of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by the addition of the following as a new paragraph (c) of the FX Definitions.
"(c) Premium: Failure to Pay on Premium Payment Date. If any Premium is not received on the Premium Payment Date, the Seller may elect: (i) to accept a late payment of such Premium; (ii) to give written notice of such non-payment and, if such payment shall not be received within two (2) Local Business Days of such notice, treat the related Currency Option as void; or (iii) to give written notice of such non-payment and, if such payment shall not be received within two (2) Local Business Days of such notice, treat such non-payment as an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(i). If the Seller elects to act under either clause (i) or (ii) of the preceding sentence, the Buyer shall pay all out-of-pocket costs and actual damages incurred in connection with such unpaid or late Premium or void Currency Option, including, without limitation, interest on such Premium in the same currency as such Premium at the then prevailing market rate and any other costs or expenses incurred by the Seller in covering its obligations (including without limitation, a delta hedge) with respect to such currency Option."
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Schedule by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof:
