SCHEDULE
to the
ISDA® 2002 MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of January 5, 2022
between NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, ("Party A") and U.S. Energy Corp. a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Wyoming ("Party B").
PART 1
Termination Provisions
In this Agreement:
(1) "Specified Entity " means for purposes of Section 5(a)(v), Section 5(a)(vi), Section 5(a)(vii) and Section 5(b)(v):
(i) With respect to Party A, Not Applicable; and
(ii) With respect to Party B, Not Applicable.
(2) "Specified Transaction " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement except that such term is amended by adding on the eleventh line after "or sale" the words ", or transfer". Furthermore, the word "commodity" referred to throughout Section 14, shall be replaced by the word "Commodity" and the word "commodities" in the fifteenth line shall be replaced by the word "Commodities". For this purpose, the term "Commodity" means any tangible or intangible commodity of any type or description (including, without limitation, electric power, electric power capacity, physical transmission of electric energy or transportation of natural gas, financial transmission rights, petroleum, natural gas, and byproducts thereof, as well as renewable energy credits, emission allowances, and any other similar types of products).
(3) The "Cross-Default " provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and Party B; however, Section 5(a)(vi) shall be amended by:
(a) deleting in the seventh line of Section 5(a)(vi)(1) the words ", or becoming capable at such time of being declared,";
(b) adding the following at the end of Section 5(a)(vi)(1) following the word "payable" and before "; or": "after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace and/or cure period)";
(c) adding in Section 5(a)(vi)(2) the words "and/or cure" after the word "grace" in the fourth line thereof;
(d) adding at the end of Section 5(a)(vi): "provided, however , that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur with respect to either (1) or (2) above if, as demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the other party, (a) the event or condition referred to in (1) or the failure to pay or deliver referred to in (2) is a failure to pay or deliver caused by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; and (b) funds were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment when due; and (c) such relevant payment is made within three
(3) Business Days following receipt of written notice from an interested party of such failure to pay; and
29
(e) adding as a second proviso at the end of Section 5(a)(vi): "provided, further, that with respect to Specified Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement (i) Section 5(a)(vi)(2) shall not apply, (ii) the phrase "a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described)" in Section 5(a)(vi)(1) is hereby replaced with the phrase "an Event of Default (as defined in the Credit Agreement)" and (iii) the following language is hereby added to the end of Section 5(a)(vi)(1): "and at least one of the following shall have occurred: (x) Administrative Agent has accelerated the Specified Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement or (y) Administrative Agent has taken affirmative steps to begin realizing on collateral granted by Party B, as Borrower, under the Credit Agreement."
(4) The "Bankruptcy " provisions of Section 5(a)(vii) are amended to replace each reference to "15 days" in Section 5(a)(vii)(1) with "30 days".
(5) "Threshold Amount " means, with respect to Party A, three percent (3%) of the Stockholders' Equity of NextEra Energy, Inc. and with respect to Party B, $500,000 (or the equivalent in another currency, currency unit or combination thereof). Stockholders' Equity shall be as stated in the applicable entity's most recently published annual audited financial statements.
(6) The "Credit Event Upon Merger " provisions of Section 5(b)(v) will apply to Party A and Party B, amended as follows:
"'Credit Event Upon Merger' shall mean that a Designated Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to a party, any Credit Support Provider of the party or any applicable Specified Entity (any such party or entity, "X"), and such Designated Event does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii) but the creditworthiness of X, or, if applicable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of X, is materially weaker than that of X immediately prior to such event. In such case the Affected Party shall be the party with respect to which, or with respect to the Credit Support Provider or Specified Entity of which, the Designated Event occurred, or, if applicable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of such party. The occurrence of a Designated Event with respect to Party A will not be deemed a "Credit Event Upon Merger" provided that Party A continues to be owned directly or indirectly by NextEra Energy, Inc., and the Credit Support Documents supporting Party A's obligations hereunder remain in effect. For purposes hereof, a "Designated Event" means that, after the date hereof:
(i) X consolidates, amalgamates with or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, or receives all or substantially all the assets or obligations of, another entity; or
(ii) Any person or entity acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of equity securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors of X or otherwise acquires directly or indirectly the power to control the policy-making decisions of X."
In addition, Section 5(b)(v)(3) will be deemed deleted from this Agreement.
(7) The "Automatic Early Termination " provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or to Party B.
(8) "Termination Currency " means United States Dollars.
(9) "Contractual Currency " unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation, shall mean United States Dollars.
(10) Change to "Mid-Market Events." Section 6(e)(ii)(3)(A) of the Master Agreement is replaced in its entirety with the following, "if obtaining quotations from one or more third parties, ask each third party (I) not to take account of the current creditworthiness of the Determining Party or any existing Credit Support Document; and (II) to provide mid-market quotations, but in no event may the Determining Party obtain quotations from an Affiliate or Specified Entity of either party for purposes of this determination; and".
30
(11) Additional Termination Event will apply. Each of the following will constitute an Additional Termination Event pursuant to Section 5(b)(vi) of this Agreement and Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and, except as otherwise provided below, all Transactions shall be Affected Transactions:
(i) _Creditor and Swap Counterparty Status; Pari Passu Secured Swap Obligations_. (A) Party A ceases to be a Creditor or Swap Counterparty, each as defined in, and with the rights afforded under, the Intercreditor Agreement, or (B) Party B's obligations to Party A under this Agreement cease, for any reason, to be secured by a valid and perfected lien on the Collateral ranking pari passu and payable Ratably with the Loan Obligations (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement).
(ii) Collateral ; Liens. (A) All or substantially all of the Collateral is released, or the liens of the Collateral Agent on the Collateral are released, without Party B delivering replacement security to Party A acceptable to Party A in its reasonable discretion or (B) any Collateral is disposed of in violation of the terms of the Credit Agreement or released in violation of Section 2.03(b) of the Intercreditor Agreement.
(iii) Multiple Intercreditor Agreements. There shall be any other intercreditor or similar agreement with any party, other than the Intercreditor Agreement, pursuant to which Party B grants such party a Lien (as defined in the Credit Agreement) on any material portion of the Collateral that has the same priority as the Swap Obligations, other than any Permitted Liens (as defined in the Credit Agreement.
(iv) Acceptable Commodity Hedging Transactions. Party B enters into a Transaction with Party A in violation of Section 8.19, Section 8.22 or Section 9.17 of the Credit Agreement, in which case such Transaction shall be the sole Affected Transaction.
After any Additional Termination Event has occurred pursuant to subsection (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) above, Party A shall not unreasonably withhold, condition or delay its consent to any request by Party B for Party A or Party B to transfer, novate or assign a Transaction hereunder; provided, that if Party B proposes to be the transferor of a Transaction hereunder, the Transferee of Party B shall be an entity that is rated (or whose credit support provider is rated) at least investment grade by Standard & Poor's Ratings Group (a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc.) or its successor or Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or its successor or, if not rated by either agency, is deemed to be of equal or better credit quality relative to Party B, in Party A's sole discretion.
"Administrative Agent " has the meaning given such term in the Credit Agreement.
"Collateral " has the meaning given such term in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Collateral Agent " has the meaning given such term in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Credit Agreement " means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of January 5, 2022 among Party B, as the Borrower, Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the other parties thereto from time to time, as the same may be amended, restated, amended and restated, supplemented, extended, renewed, refinanced, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time. Capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Credit Agreement, or if not defined therein, in the Intercreditor Agreement.
"Intercreditor Agreement " means that certain Intercreditor Agreement dated as of January 5, 2022 among Party B, as the Borrower, Administrative Agent and Collateral Agent, the Lenders thereunder and the other parties thereto from time to time, as the same may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time.
31
PART 2
Tax Representations
(1) Payer Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e), each of Party A and Party B makes the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement; (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement; and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement; except that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on Clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form, document or certificate under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(2) Payee Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(f), each of Party A and Party B makes the representations specified below, if any:
(i) The following representation will apply to Party A:
It is a disregarded entity for federal income tax purposes. The entity that is treated as the owner of NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC's assets for federal income tax purposes is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
(ii) The following representation will apply to Party B:
It is a corporation created or organized in the United States under the laws of the State of Wyoming.
PART 3
Documents to be Delivered
For the purposes of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii), each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
Party Required To Deliver Document 	   	 Form/Document/ Certificate 	   	 Date By Which To Be Delivered Party A and Party B 	   	 Each party agrees to complete, execute and deliver to the other party, United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or any successor of such form.   	   	 Upon execution of this Agreement and thereafter promptly upon reasonable demand and promptly upon learning that any such forms previously provided to the other party have become obsolete, incorrect or ineffective.
32
Other documents to be delivered are:
Party Required to Deliver Document 	   	 Form/Document/ Certificate 	   	 Date By Which To Be Delivered 	   	 Covered By Section 3(d) Representation Each party and its Credit Support Provider, as applicable. 	   	 Certified copies of all documents evidencing necessary corporate or equivalent authorizations and approvals regarding execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, any Credit Support Document and any Confirmation. 	   	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	   	 Yes.
Each party and its Credit Support Provider, as applicable. 	   	 Certificate of Authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and any Credit Support Document. 	   	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	   	 Yes.
Each party and its Credit Support Provider, as applicable. 	   	 A duly executed copy of each Credit Support Document. 	   	 Within 10 Local Business Days after the execution of this Agreement with respect to a Guaranty to be provided by a party. 	   	 Yes.
Each party. 	   	 Audited annual financial statements of NextEra Energy, Inc. in the case of Party A and Party B in the case of Party B, for each fiscal year. 	   	 For Party A, so long as any Transaction remains outstanding hereunder, as soon as practicable after demand but in no event later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of such party if such financial statement is not available on "EDGAR" or such party's internet home page. For Party B, concurrently with delivery to the Lenders. 	   	 Yes.
Each party. 	   	 Unaudited financial statements of NextEra Energy, Inc. in the case of Party A and of Party B in the case of Party B, for each quarter. 	   	 For Party A, so long as any Transaction remains outstanding hereunder, as soon as practicable after demand but in no event later than 60 days after the end of the first 3 fiscal quarters of such party if such financial statement is not available on "EDGAR" or such party's internet home page. For Party B, concurrently with delivery to the Lenders. 	   	 Yes.
Party B 	   	 All material reports and statements as delivered pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement including reserve reports, compliance certificates, notices of default and proposed and executed amendments to the Credit Agreement and Intercreditor Agreement.  	   	 Concurrently with delivery to the Lenders.  	   	 Yes.
33
PART 4
Miscellaneous
(1) Payments.
(i) ACH. Section 2(a)(ii) shall be amended by adding the following after the end of the second sentence:
"The Parties hereby acknowledge that Automated Clearinghouse Credit ("ACH ") is an acceptable method of payment between the Parties. The Parties also acknowledge that all undisputed unpaid full or partial payment amounts not immediately available to the receiving Party on the due date will be considered past due and are subject to interest as stipulated in Section 9(h) of this Agreement."
(ii) Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation to the relevant Transaction or unless an Event of Default in respect of Party A has occurred and is then continuing in which case the Calculation Agent shall be Party B or a recognized dealer designated in good faith by Party B to be the Calculation Agent. All calculations made by the Calculation Agent may be independently confirmed by the other party. In the event that the amount owed is disputed, the undisputed amount will be used to determine payment obligations and, if then due, paid by the relevant party.
The parties will resolve any calculation dispute in good faith. The failure of either party to perform its obligations as Calculation Agent hereunder shall not be construed as an Event of Default or Termination Event.
(iii) Disputes and Adjustments of Invoices. With respect to all Transactions entered into under this Agreement, a Party may, in good faith, dispute the correctness of any invoice or any adjustment to an invoice, rendered under this Agreement or adjust any invoice for any arithmetic or computational error within twelve (12) months of the date the invoice, or adjustment to an invoice, was rendered. In the event an invoice or portion thereof, or any other claim or adjustment arising hereunder, is disputed, payment of the undisputed portion of the invoice shall be required to be made when due, with notice of the objection given to the other Party. Any invoice dispute or invoice adjustment shall be in writing and shall state the basis for the dispute or adjustment. Payment of the disputed amount shall not be required until the dispute is resolved. Upon resolution of the dispute, any required payment shall be made within two (2) Local Business Days of such resolution along with interest accrued at the Default Rate from and including the due date to but excluding the date paid. Inadvertent overpayments shall be returned upon request or deducted by the Party receiving such overpayment from subsequent payments, with interest accrued at the Default Rate from and including the date of such overpayment to but excluding the date repaid or deducted by the Party receiving such overpayment. Any dispute with respect to an invoice is waived unless the other Party is notified in accordance with this Part 4(1)(iii) within twelve (12) months after the invoice is rendered or any specific adjustment to the invoice is made. If an invoice is not rendered within twelve (12) months after the close of the month during which performance of a Transaction occurred, the right to payment for such performance is waived.
(iv) Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement to all Transactions.
34
(2) Transfer. In the first line of Section 7, after the words "Subject to", add the words "the last sentence of".
(3) Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(4) Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10:
(i) Party A is not a Multibranch Party.
(ii) Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(5) Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without regard to any otherwise applicable principles of conflicts of laws (other than SectionS 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the New York General Obligations Law, which will apply).
(6) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HERETO EXPRESSLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY JUDICIAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION (AS DEFINED IN THIS AGREEMENT) AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE OTHER PARTY'S ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
(7) LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. NO PARTY SHALL BE REQUIRED TO PAY OR BE LIABLE FOR PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (WHETHER OR NOT ARISING FROM ITS NEGLIGENCE OR STRICT LIABILITY) TO ANY OTHER PARTY; PROVIDED, HOWEVER , THAT NOTHING IN THIS PROVISION SHALL AFFECT THE ENFORCEABILITY OF SECTION 6(e) OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE OBLIGATION TO PAY ANY AMOUNT REQUIRED PURSUANT TO SECTION 6(e) OF THIS AGREEMENT. IF AND TO THE EXTENT ANY PAYMENT REQUIRED TO BE MADE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS DEEMED TO CONSTITUTE LIQUIDATED DAMAGES, THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT SUCH DAMAGES ARE DIFFICULT OR IMPOSSIBLE TO DETERMINE AND THAT SUCH PAYMENT IS INTENDED TO BE A REASONABLE APPROXIMATION OF THE AMOUNT OF SUCH DAMAGES AND NOT A PENALTY.
(8) Confidentiality. The contents of this Agreement and all other documents relating to this Agreement, and any information made available by one party or its Credit Support Provider to the other party or its Credit Support Provider with respect to this Agreement is confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party (nor shall any public announcement relating to this Agreement be made by either party), except for such information (i) as may become generally available to the public, (ii) as may be required or appropriate in response to any summons, subpoena, or otherwise in connection with any litigation or to comply with any applicable law, order, regulation, ruling, or accounting disclosure rule or standard, (iii) as may be obtained from a non- confidential source that disclosed such information in a manner that did not violate its obligations to the non-disclosing party or its Credit Support Provider in making such disclosure, or (iv) as may be furnished to the disclosing party's Affiliates, and to each of such person's auditors, attorneys, advisors or lenders which are required to keep the information that is disclosed in confidence, and provided, further, that a party may disclose any one or more of the commercial terms of a Transaction (other than the name of the other party unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties) to any industry price source for the purpose of aggregating and reporting such information in the form of a published energy price index. With respect to information provided with respect to a Transaction, this obligation shall survive for a period of one (1) year following the expiration or termination of such Transaction. With respect to information provided with respect to this Agreement, this obligation shall survive for a period of one (1) year following the expiration or termination of this Agreement.
(9) Process Agent. The provisions of Section 13(c) of the Agreement, with respect to the appointment of a Process Agent, shall not apply to either party.
35
(10) Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
The address for notices or other communications to Party A is: 	   	 The address for notices or other communications to Party B is:
Name: NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC 	   	 Name: U.S. Energy Corp.
All Notices : 	   	 All Notices :
Street: 700 Universe Blvd. 	   	 Street: 12081 W. Alameda Pkwy, Ste. 440 City: Juno Beach, FL Zip: 33408 	   	 City: Lakewood, Colorado Zip: 80228 Attn: Contracts/Legal Department 	   	 Attn: Reid Bundgard Phone: n/a/ 	   	 Phone: 303-489-3110 Facsimile: (561) 625-7504 	   	 Facsimile: n/a Duns: NEM : 05-448-1341 	   	 Duns: n/a Federal Tax ID Number: 65-0851428 	   	 Federal Tax ID Number: 83-0205516 Email: reid@usnrg.com Invoices : 	   	 Invoices :
Attn: Manager, NEM Accounting 	   	 Attn: Reid Bundgard Phone: (561) 304-5820 	   	 Phone: 303-489-3110 Facsimile: (561) 625-7651 	   	 Facsimile: n/a Email: reid@usnrg.com Confirmations : 	   	 Confirmations :
Attn: Confirmation Desk 	   	 Attn: Reid Bundgard Phone: (561) 691-2488 	   	 Phone: 303-489-3110 Facsimile: (561) 625-7517 	   	 Facsimile: n/a Email: NextEra.Confirmations@ 	   	 Email: reid@usnrg.com NextEraEnergy.com Scheduling : 	   	 Scheduling :
Attn: Scheduling Desk 	   	 Attn: Reid Bundgard Phone: (561) 625-7100 	   	 Phone: 303-489-3110 Facsimile: (561) 625-7604 	   	 Facsimile: n/a Email: reid@usnrg.com Payments : 	   	 Payments :
Attn: Manager, NEM Accounting 	   	 Attn: Reid Bundgard Phone: (561) 304-5820 	   	 Phone: 303-489-3110 Facsimile: (561) 625-7663 	   	 Facsimile: n/a Email: reid@usnrg.com Credit and Collections : 	   	 Credit and Collections :
Attn: Credit Manager 	   	 Attn: Reid Bundgard Phone: (561) 694-3440 	   	 Phone: 303-489-3110 Facsimile: n/a 	   	 Facsimile: n/a Email: DL-CREDITRISK@nee.com 	   	  Email: reid@usnrg.com
36
Wire Transfer : 	   	 Wire Transfer :
Pay: Bank of America 	   	 Pay: First Interstate Bank For the Account of: NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC 	   	 For the Account of: U.S. Energy Corp.
Account No./CHIPS UID: 3751227650 	   	 Account No.: 700564545 Fed. ABA No.: 026-00-9593 	   	 Fed. ABA No.: 092901683 ACH Transfer :
Pay: Bank of America For the Account of: NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC Account No.: 3751227650 Fed. ABA No.: 111-00-0012 With additional Notices of an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default to: 	   	 With additional Notices of an Event of Default or Potential Event of Default to:
Attn: Contracts/Legal Department 	   	 Attn: Ryan Smith Facsimile: (561) 625-7504 	   	 Phone: (832) 312- 0720 Email: NEMLEGAL@nee.com 	   	 Facsimile: n/a Email: ryan@usnrg.com
(11) Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document, each of which is otherwise incorporated by reference in, and made part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation (unless provided otherwise in a Confirmation) as if set forth in full in this Agreement or such Confirmation:
(i) In respect of Party A: A Guaranty dated as of the date hereof by NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc. in favor of Party B as beneficiary thereof in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I.
(ii) In respect of Party B: The Security Instruments (as defined in the Credit Agreement).
(12) Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider shall mean:
(i) In respect of Party A: NextEra Energy Capital Holdings, Inc.
(ii) In respect of Party B: The Guarantors under the Credit Agreement.
(13) Absence of Litigation. Section 3(c) of this Agreement is hereby amended by adding the words "in any material respect" to the end of the section.
(14) No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(15) ISDA Definitions. This Agreement, each Confirmation, and each Transaction are subject to, and will be governed in all respects by, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "Swap Definitions "), the 2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions (the "Commodity Definitions "), as such definitions may otherwise be amended, supplemented, replaced or modified from time to time, each as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
(collectively the "ISDA Definitions "). The ISDA Definitions are incorporated by reference herein, and made part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation as if set forth in full in this Agreement and such Confirmations.
Unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation, any capitalized terms used herein and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed to them in the Swap Definitions, and the Commodity Definitions (except that references to "Swap Transactions" in the definitions will be deemed to be references to "Transactions").
37
(16) Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Swap Definitions and the Commodity Definitions, the Commodity Definitions will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the ISDA Definitions, this Agreement will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Credit Support Documents, if any, and the ISDA Definitions, the Credit Support Documents will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation and this Agreement or the ISDA Definitions, the Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the relevant Transaction.
PART 5
Other Provisions
(1) Consent to Telephone Recording. Each party hereby agrees (i) that the other party or its agents may electronically record all telephone conversations between officers or employees of the consenting party and the officers or employees of the other party who quote on, agree to, or otherwise discuss terms of Transactions or potential Transactions on behalf of the party and (ii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings, subject to applicable rules of discovery and evidence. The parties shall be legally bound from the time they so agree to terms of a Transaction and may each rely thereon. Failure by any party to send, or the other party to return, an executed Confirmation shall not invalidate any Transaction agreed to by the parties in a telephone conversation. Provided, however , that any discrepancy between the terms set forth on a fully executed Confirmation and those on a recording shall be resolved in favor of the terms on the fully executed Confirmation.
(2) Statute of Frauds. The parties agree not to contest, or to enter any defense concerning the validity or enforceability of any Transaction on the grounds that the documentation for such Transaction fails to comply with the requirements of any jurisdiction's (of whatever country, province, or state) statute of frauds or any other statute, regulation or judicial decision that agreements be written or signed.
(3) Counterparts. The parties hereby amend Section 9(e) by revising the header to read "Counterparts, Copies and Confirmations" and adding the following as a new subsection (iii): "(iii) Copies of this Agreement and any Confirmation (and each amendment, modification and waiver in respect of it) are deemed acceptable and may be used in lieu of originals for all purposes, including, but not limited to admissibility, authenticity or other purposes related to legal proof."
(4) Confirmation of a Transaction. The parties hereby amend Section 9(e)(ii) by adding the following sentences at the end thereof:
"Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Parties may agree to use the ICE eConfirm Service provided by the Intercontinental Exchange, Inc. ("ICE") in accordance with the procedures published by ICE. If either party has a dispute about any contents of a Confirmation received from the other party, it shall notify the other party within two (2) Local Business Days after the receipt of such Confirmation and the parties shall in good faith make reasonable efforts to resolve the dispute. A failure by a party to issue a Confirmation shall not prejudice or invalidate the terms of the relevant transaction governed by the Agreement. If the ICE eConfirm Service is not used Party A shall send a Confirmation to Party B within three (3) Local Business Days after the relevant Trade Date. Party B will promptly thereafter confirm the accuracy of or request the correction of such Confirmation. If Party B fails to accept or dispute the Confirmation in the manner set forth above within two (2) Local Business Days after it was effectively sent to Party B the Confirmation will be deemed to correctly reflect the parties' agreement on the terms of the Transaction referred to therein, absent manifest error. The requirement of this Section and elsewhere in this Agreement that the parties exchange Confirmations shall for all purposes be deemed satisfied by a Confirmation sent and an acknowledgment deemed given as provided herein. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing to the contrary, if a Confirmation contains provisions purporting to modify the general terms and conditions of this Master Agreement (e.g. Events of Default, representations and warranties, set- off, etc.) in addition to provisions setting forth the commercial terms for the Transaction documented by such Confirmation (e.g., the notional volume, Fixed Price, Floating Price, etc.), no such Confirmation shall be deemed to effectively modify such general terms and conditions of this Master Agreement (with respect to the applicable Transaction or otherwise) unless it has been duly executed by both Parties hereto."
38
(5) GAAP. Section 3(d) of the Agreement is amended by adding in the last printed line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period following:
"or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the relevant party in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such entity is organized and, unless otherwise stated therein, on a basis consistent with that of the audited annual financial statements of such entity for its prior fiscal year."
(6) Additional Representation : will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement the following will constitute Additional Representations:
"(g) Relationship between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that:
(i) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(iii) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(h) Eligible Contract Participant. (1) It, and its Credit Support Provider, if any, constitutes an "eligible contract participant" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (7 U.S.C.A. Section 1a), and (2) it does not constitute a "Special Entity" as such term is defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (7 U.S.C.A. Section 4s(h)(2)(C)).
(i) Bankruptcy Issues. The parties intend that (i) all Transactions constitute a 'forward contract' within the meaning of the United States Bankruptcy Code (the 'Bankruptcy Code') or a 'swap agreement' within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code; (ii) all payments made or to be made by one party to the other party pursuant to this Agreement constitute 'settlement payments' within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code; (iii) all transfers of Posted Credit Support by one party to the other party under this Agreement constitute 'margin payments' within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code; and (iv) this Agreement constitutes a 'master netting agreement' within the meaning of the Bankruptcy Code.
Each party further agrees that, for purposes of this Agreement, the other party is not a 'utility' as such term is used in 11 U.S.C. Section 366, and each party waives and agrees not to assert the applicability of the provisions of 11 U.S.C. Section 366 in any bankruptcy proceeding wherein such party is a debtor. In any such proceeding, each party further waives the right to assert that the other party is a provider of last resort to the extent such term relates to 11 U.S.C. Section 366 or another provision of 11 U.S.C. Section 101-1532.
(j) GMEI /LEI Maintenance State. So long as there are any outstanding Transactions between the parties, each party agrees to obtain a GMEI/LEI number (or any successor number thereto) and keep its' maintenance state current at all times."
39
(7) Existing Transactions. In the event that the parties have entered into Transactions prior to the date of this Agreement (as amended on August 14,
2020) (collectively, the "Prior Transactions "), the parties agree that all such Prior Transactions shall constitute Transactions under and be governed by this Agreement and subject to the security under the Intercreditor Agreement.
To the extent of any conflict between the terms and provisions of the Prior Transactions and the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the terms and provisions of this Agreement shall control.
(8) Expenses. Each of Party A and Party B shall be responsible for its own costs and expenses (including the fees and expenses of its legal counsel) incurred in the preparation, review, execution and delivery of the Agreement, any Credit Support Document, any Confirmation and all other related documents.
(9) Termination. If no Transactions (or any present or future payments obligations, contingent or otherwise, thereunder) are outstanding under this Agreement, either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to the other party.
(10) Limitation of Rate. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained in this Agreement, in no event shall the Default Rate, Non-default Rate, Termination Rate, or Applicable Deferral Rate exceed the Highest Lawful Rate. For purposes hereof, "Highest Lawful Rate " shall mean, with respect to each party, the maximum non-usurious interest rate, if any, that at any time or from time to time may be contracted for, taken, reserved, charged, or received on the subject indebtedness under the law applicable to such party.
(11) Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any party or circumstance, shall be held to be invalid or unenforceable (in whole or in part) for any reason, the remaining terms, provisions, covenants, and conditions hereof will continue in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with the invalid or unenforceable portion eliminated, so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement and the deletion of such portion of this Agreement will not substantially impair the respective benefits or expectations of the parties to this Agreement; provided, however , that this severability provision shall not be applicable if any provision of Section 1, 2, 5 or 6 (or any definition or provision in Section 14 to the extent it relates to, or is used in connection with any such Section) shall be so held to be invalid or unenforceable. The parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited or unenforceable provision with a valid provision, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited or unenforceable provision.
(12) Reporting.
(i) Designation of Reporting Party.
"Reporting Counterparty " means in respect of any Swap subject to the CFTC Regulations: Party A.
"Non-Reporting Counterparty " means in respect of any Swap subject to the CFTC Regulations: Party B.
Party A's GMEI/LEI number is TWQ1WATU9P8ZBX9T3I54.
Party B's GMEI/LEI number is 549300MS9QJ0KPN83B63.
(ii) Reporting Requirements.
(a) In accordance with CFTC Regulation 43.3 and 45.8, the Reporting Counterparty will report all Swaps under this Agreement in accordance with Parts 43 and 45 of the CFTC Regulation. The Reporting Counterparty will provide and report to a registered SDR all of the information and data required to be reported under the CFTC Regulations with respect to the Swap and Swap Transaction Events under this Agreement.
40
(b) Each party agrees that if it is the Non-Reporting Counterparty with respect to a Swap under the Agreement that is an "international swap" (as that term is defined in CFTC Regulation 45.1), it shall notify the Reporting Counterparty to such international swap, as soon as practicable and in accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Agreement, of the (i) identity of each non-U.S. trade repository not registered with the CFTC to which the Non-Reporting Counterparty or its agent has reported the Swap, and (ii) swap identifier used by such non-U.S. trade repository to identify the Swap.
(c) Each party agrees that if it is the Non-Reporting Counterparty with respect to a Swap under the Agreement, then upon the occurrence of any corporate event (the meaning of "corporate event" as used in CFTC Regulation 45.1 to be reasonably determined by the Non-Reporting Counterparty unless and until the CFTC issues a specific definition of such term) with respect to the Non-Reporting Counterparty that is also a "life cycle event" (as that term is defined in CFTC Regulation 45.1) in respect of that Swap, the Non-Reporting Counterparty will as soon as practicable, but not later than 10:00 a.m. on the second "business day" (as that term is defined in CFTC Regulation 45.1) following the day on which such life cycle event occurs, notify the Reporting Counterparty of the occurrence of such life cycle event with sufficient detail regarding such life cycle event to allow the Reporting Counterparty to comply with any reporting requirements imposed by the CFTC Regulations.
(d) The Non-Reporting Party agrees to timely provide the Reporting Party with all necessary information as may be reasonably requested by the Reporting Party to comply with CFTC Regulations. Both parties agree that, notwithstanding any confidentiality or similar agreement or requirement, the Reporting Party may provide any and all information required by the CFTC or as required by an SDR. Notwithstanding anything herein, both parties waive any right of confidentiality that would otherwise bar such disclosure to the CFTC or an SDR.
(e) If the Non-Reporting Party elects the exception to the clearing requirement under Section 2(h)(7)(A) of the Commodity Exchange Act, the Non- Reporting Party shall make an annual filing with the CFTC of all information required to be reported under CFTC Regulation 50.50(b)(1)(iii), as permitted by CFTC Regulation 50.50(b)(2). The Non-Reporting Party shall provide the Reporting Party with a copy of such annual report promptly upon request.
(f) In the event that either party is required to register as a Swap Dealer as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3(ggg) or Major Swap Participant as defined in CFTC Regulation 1.3(hhh), or becomes a Financial Entity as defined Section 2(h)(7)(C)(i)(VIII) of the Commodity Exchange Act, such party shall promptly inform the other of the status change and shall automatically become the Reporting Party.
(iii) For purposes of this Part 5(12):
"CFTC Regulations " means the rules, regulations, orders and interpretations published or issued by the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC").
"GMEI/LEI " means a "legal entity identifier" satisfying the requirements of CFTC Regulation 45.6 or such other entity identifier as shall be provided by the CFTC pending the availability of such legal entity identifiers.
"SDR " means a "swap data repository" as defined in Section 1a(48) of the CEA and the CFTC Regulations.
"Swap " means a "swap" as defined in the Section 1a(47) of the CEA and CFTC Regulation 1.3(xxx). The term "Swap" also includes any foreign exchange swaps and foreign exchange forwards that may be exempted from regulation as "swaps" by the Secretary of the U.S. Treasury pursuant to authority granted by Section 1a(47)(E) of the CEA.
41
"Swap Transaction Event " means the execution of a new Swap Transaction between the parties or any material amendment, mutual unwind or novation of an existing Swap Transaction between the parties under this Agreement (including, without limitation, any "life cycle event" (as that term is defined in CFTC Regulation 45.1) relating to a Swap Transaction).
(13) Party B Intercreditor Representations. Party B represents and warrants to Party A, at all times during the term of this Agreement, that (i) payment of all obligations owed by Party B to Party A under this Agreement (including all Transactions hereunder, including all Transactions entered into on or prior to the date of this Amendment), to the extent such payment constitutes "Debt" (as defined in the Credit Agreement), is permitted Indebtedness under Section 9.02 of the Credit Agreement, (ii) Party A is an Approved Counterparty and Secured Swap Provider under the Credit Agreement, (iii) this Agreement is a Secured Swap Agreement under the Credit Agreement, (iv) Party A is a Secured Party under the Security Instruments and (v) this Agreement and all Transactions are Acceptable Swap Agreements under the Intercreditor Agreement and meet the requirements of Section 9.17 of the Credit Agreement.
PART 6
Commodity Derivatives Transactions
Market Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks
(1) Disruption Fallback. The definition of "Fallback Reference Dealers" in the Commodity Definitions shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
""Fallback Reference Dealers" means that: the Relevant Price will be determined and calculated as set forth in the definition "Commodity-Reference Dealers" (provided that, if the basis that the Specified Price for a Transaction is determined on an hourly basis, all references to Pricing Date shall be read as Pricing Hour) except that each party shall select, in good faith, a price quote from at least two (2) independent, impartial and unaffiliated Reference Dealers in the relevant market which satisfy all the criteria that a party applies generally at the time in deciding whether to offer or to make an extension of credit or to enter into a transaction comparable to the Transaction that is affected by the Market Disruption Event, and shall obtain such quotes within six (6) Business Days of the Market Disruption Event. The Relevant Price shall be the arithmetic mean of the prices so obtained, and such calculation shall be binding and conclusive absent manifest error even if one party was able to obtain only one quote or no quotes within the time provided. However, if the parties have not obtained at least two (2) prices in total on or before the sixth Business Day following the first Pricing Date on which the Market Disruption Event occurred or existed, the next applicable Disruption Fallback will apply to the Transaction."
Subject to the change in paragraph above, Section 7.5(d)(i) of the 2005 Commodity Definitions shall be applicable to all Transactions unless specified in a confirmation.
42
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Agreement through their authorized representatives with effect from the date specified on the first page of this Schedule.
NextEra Energy Marketing, LLC 	   	 U.S. Energy Corp.
By:  	 /s/ Craig Shapiro 	   	 By:  	 /s/ Ryan Smith Name:  	 Craig Shapiro 	   	 Name:  	 Ryan Smith Title:  	 Vice President 	   	 Title:  	 CEO Date:  	 January 5, 2022  	   	 Date:  	 January 5, 2022
