SCHEDULE
to the
ISDA 2002 Master Agreement
dated as of June 9, 2010
between
CITIBANK, N.A.,
a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States
("Party A")
and
FEDERATED INVESTORS, INC.,
a corporation organized and existing
under the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania
("Party B")
Scope of Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "Transaction" shall refer solely to an interest rate swap having a trade date of [            ], and Confirmation Reference No.:[            ].
Part I
Termination Provisions
In this Agreement:
(a) 	 " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:-
Section 5(a)(v),               Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Forex Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Commercial Corp., Citicorp Securities Services, Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citibank Europe PLC, Citigroup Financial Products Inc., Citigroup Energy Inc., Citibank Canada, Citigroup Energy Canada ULC, Citibank Japan Ltd., and Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG & Co. KGaA
Section 5(a)(vi), 	    	 None Specified Section 5(a)(vii), 	    	 None Specified Section 5(b)(v), 	    	 None Specified
in relation to Party B for the purpose of:- Section 5(a)(v), 	    	 Each Loan Party (as defined in the Credit Agreement) Section 5(a)(vi), 	    	 None Specified Section 5(a)(vii), 	    	 None Specified Section 5(b)(v), 	    	 None Specified
(b) " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement. For purposes of clause (c) of such definition, Specified Transaction includes any securities options, margin loans, short sales, any agreement governing the purchase, sale, transfer, exchange or option of a commodity, or any other commodity trading transaction and any other similar transaction now existing or hereafter entered into between Party A (or any Section 5(a)(v) Affiliate) and Party B (or any Affiliate of Party B). For this purpose, "commodity" means any tangible or intangible commodity of any type or description, including without limitation power, natural gas, petroleum (and the products and by-products thereof), emissions allowances, precious metals and coal.
(c) The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B.
For purposes of Section 5(a)(vi), the following provisions apply:
" Specified Indebtedness" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14 of this Agreement, provided, however, that Specified Indebtedness shall not include deposits received in the course of a party's ordinary banking business.
" Threshold Amount" means
(i) with respect to Party A, 2% of the stockholders' equity of Party A; and
(ii) with respect to Party 13, USD 25,000,000;
including the U.S. Dollar equivalent on the date of any default, event of default or other similar condition or event of any obligation stated in an other currency.
For purposes of the above, stockholders' equity shall be determined by reference to the relevant party's most recent consolidated (quarterly, in the case of a U.S. incorporated party) balance sheet and shall include, in the case of a U.S. incorporated party, legal capital, paid-in capital, retained earnings and cumulative translation adjustments. Such balance sheet shall be prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organization.
(d) The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B.
(e) The " Automatic Early Termination" provisions of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B; provided, however, that with respect to a party, where the Event of Default specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(1), (3), (4), (5), (6) or to the extent analogous thereto, (8) is governed by a system of law which does not permit termination to take place after the occurrence of the relevant Event of Default, then the Automatic Early Termination provisions of Section 6(a) will apply to such party.
(f) " Termination Currency" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(g) " Additional Termination Event" will apply.
(i) It shall constitute an Additional Termination Event, Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and Party A shall be the party entitled to determine the Close-out Amount, if at any time
(a) that certain $425,000,000 Term Loan Facility Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2010, by and among Federated Investors, Inc., the guarantors and financial institutions party thereto, and PNC Bank, National Association, as agent thereunder (as supplemented, amended, modified, renewed or restated from time to time, the "Credit Agreement") matures or expires or is terminated or cancelled for any reason, prior to the Termination Date of the Transaction, or (b) Party A or an Affiliate of Party A shall, for any reason, other than a voluntary assignment by Party A or such Affiliate, cease to be a Lender under the Credit Agreement and Party B fails to assign within sixty days of such event all outstanding Transactions to another counterparty reasonably acceptable to Party A and Party B.
(ii) The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an Additional Termination Event with respect to Party A with Party A as the sole Affected Party and the Transaction as the Affected Transaction:
Rating Downgrade. Party A (i) fails to maintain a rating with respect to its unsecured and unsubordinated long-term debt of at least Baa3 as determined by Moody's Investors Service Inc., including any official successor thereto ("Moody's" and the "Moody's Rating"); or (ii) fails to maintain a rating with respect to its unsecured and unsubordinated long-term debt of at least BBB- as determined by Standard and Poor's Rating Group, including any official successor thereto ("S&P" and the "S&P Rating"); or (iii) ceases to be rated by either Moody's or S&P or has either rating suspended or withdrawn. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event either Moody's or S&P assigns a rating to Party A that is lower than the Moody's Rating or the S&P Rating, as the case may be, then such lower rating shall be determinative.
Part 2
Tax Representations
(a) Payer Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A will make the following representation and Party B will make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, except that it will not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or documents under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) Payee Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of the Agreement, Party A and Party B make the representations specified below, if any:
The following representation will apply to Party A:
It is a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States and its U.S. taxpayer identification number is 13-5266470. It is "exempt" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-3(p) and 1.6049-4(c) from information reporting on Form 1099 and backup withholding.
The following representation will apply to Party B:
It is a corporation created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States and its U.S. taxpayer identification number is 25-1111467. It is "exempt" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-3(p) and 1.6049-4(c) from information reporting on Form 1099 and backup withholding.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a) of this Agreement:
I. Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	    	  Form/Document/ Certificate 	    	  Date by which to Be delivered Party A and Party B 	    	 As required under Section 4(a)(i) of the Agreement, IRS Form W-9, IRS Form W-8BEN, IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8EXP and/or IRS Form W-8IMY, whichever is relevant. 	    	 Promptly upon execution of this Agreement; and promptly upon learning that any form previously provided by such party has become obsolete or incorrect.
II. Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	    	  Form/Document/ Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3[d)
(a) Party A and Party B 	    	 Evidence reasonably satisfactory to the other party of the (i) authority of such party and any Credit Support Provider to enter into the Agreement, any Credit Support Document and the Transaction and (ii) authority and genuine signature of the individual signing the Agreement and any Credit Support Document on behalf of such party to execute the same. 	    	 As soon as practicable after execution of this Agreement and, if requested by the other party, as soon as practicable after execution of any Confirmation of any other Transaction.  	    	 Yes
Party required to deliver document 	    	  Form/Document/ Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3(d)
(b) Party A 	    	 The party's Consolidated Reports of Condition and Income for A Bank with Domestic and Foreign Offices -FFIEC 031 	    	 Upon request, provided, however, that such financials are "deemed" to be delivered hereunder on the date the same shall be posted on the website: http://www.citigroup.com/ citigroup/fin/index.htm 	    	 Yes
(c) Party B 	    	 The party's annual and semi-annual reports containing audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organization and certified by independent certified public accountants for each fiscal year. 	    	 Upon request, provided, however, that such financials are "deemed" to be delivered hereunder on the date the same shall be posted on the website: http://www,federatedinvestors.com 	    	 Yes
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(a) Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
With respect to a particular Transaction, all notices or communications to Party A shall be sent to the address or facsimile number indicated in the Confirmation of that Transaction.
Address: 	      	  Capital Markets Documentation Unit 388 Greenwich Street 17th Floor  New York, New York 10013 Attention: 	      	 Director of Derivative Operations
Facsimile No.: 212 816 5550
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	      	  Federated Investors Tower 1001 Liberty Avenue Pittsburgh, PA 15222-2779 Attention: 	      	 M. Cole Dolinger Facsimile No: 	      	  412-288-2292 412-992-4351
(b 	 )  	    	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: not applicable.
(c 	 )  	    	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d 	 )  	    	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(b) of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may enter into a Transaction through any of the following offices: New York, London, Singapore and Sydney.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) Calculation Agent The Calculation Agent is Party A; provided however, that if at any time an Event of Default or Additional Termination Event has occurred and is continuing, with respect to Party A, then the Calculation Agent shall be a party selected by Party B ("Alternative Calculation Agent" reasonably acceptable to Party A, with any costs arising from such selection being borne by Party B. The Alternative Calculation Agent will remain the Calculation Agent for so long as such event continues. If Party A cures the relevant Event of Default or Additional Termination Event before Party B designates an Early Termination Date in accordance with Section 6(a), and no other Event of Default or Additional Termination Event has occurred (and not been cured) by such time, then the Calculation Agent shall again be Party A from the time of such cure.
In relation to the Transaction, if Party B notifies Party A of a dispute regarding a calculation and/or determination made by the Calculation Agent in the discharge of its duties hereunder, each party shall use its reasonable efforts to resolve expeditiously any disagreements concerning such calculations and/or determinations, if Party A and Party B cannot ranch agreement (any calculation or determination so agreed by the parties or determined in accordance with this paragraph being referred to as a "Resolved Amount"), Party B may require that the calculations and/or determinations made by the Calculation Agent be submitted to an independent review. In such event, Party A and Party B shall appoint promptly and jointly three independent leading dealers in the relevant market each to review the Calculation Agent's calculation and/or determination in which case: (1) if at least two of the three dealers agree with the Calculation Agent's calculation and/or determination, the Resolved Amount shall be such calculation and/or determination, or (2) if fewer than two of the three dealers agree with the Calculation Agent's calculation, the Resolved Amount shall be the arithmetic mean of the calculations provided by the appointed dealers. If, after reasonable attempt, Party A and Party B are unable to receive three calculations, the Resolved Amount shall be as mutually agreed in good faith by Party A and Party B in accordance with market practice by reference to calculations and/or determinations made by independent leading dealers in the relevant market. The Resolved Amount reached in accordance with such process shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and the costs of the process shall be borne equally by Party A and Party B.
(f) Credit Support Document. None.
(g) Credit Support Provider. Not Applicable.
(h) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York.
(i) Jurisdiction. Section l3(b)(i) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting in line 2 of paragraph 2 the word "non-" and by deleting paragraph (iii) thereof. The following shall be added at the end of Section 13(b):
"Nothing in this provision shall prohibit a party from bringing an action to enforce a money judgment in any other jurisdiction."
(j) " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k) Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c): "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, any Affiliate of Party A, and in relation to Party B, any Affiliate of Party B.
(I) No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(m) Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement, each of the following will constitute an Additional Representation and each party will be deemed to represent to the other party (unless otherwise noted) on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
"(h) Relationship Between Parties.
(I) No Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. It has not received from the other party any assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(2) Evaluation and Understanding. It is capable of evaluating and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the financial and other risks of that Transaction.
(3) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an advisor to it in respect of that Transaction.
(i) Risk Management. Party B alone represents that this Agreement has been, and each Transaction hereunder has been or will be, as the case may be, entered into for the purpose of managing its borrowings or investments, hedging its underlying assets or liabilities or in connection with its line of business (including financial intermediation services) and not for the purpose of speculation.
(j) Eligible Contract Participant. (a) It is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of Section la(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended (the "CEA"), (b) this Agreement and each Transaction is subject to individual negotiation by each party, and (c) neither this Agreement nor any Transaction will be executed or traded on a "trading facility" within the meaning of Section la(33) of the CEA.
(k) Financial Institution. With respect to Party A only, it represents that it is a "financial institution" as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 or Regulation EE promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board thereunder.
(l) ERISA. The assets that are used in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transaction entered into pursuant hereto are not (i) the assets of an "employee benefit plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), (ii) a plan described in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of Department of Labor regulation section 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA), or (iv) a governmental plan that is subject to any federal, state, or local law that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code."
(n) Netting of Payments. Either party may notify the other in writing, not less than one Local Business Day in advance of one or more Scheduled Settlement Dates, that with regard to payments due on that date, Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(a) Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. Each party hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement.
(b) Severability. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 5(b)(i) or 5(b)(ii) in the event that any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement should be held invalid, illegal, or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The parties shall endeavor, in good faith negotiations, to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions.
(c) Confirmation Procedures. For each Transaction that Party A and Party B enter hereunder, Party A shall promptly send to Party B a Confirmation setting forth the terms of such Transaction and Party B shall execute and return the Confirmation to Party A within a commercially reasonable time.
(d) Escrow Payments. if by reason of the time difference between the cities in which payments are to be made, it is not possible for simultaneous payments to be made on any date on which both parties are required to make payments hereunder, either party may at its option and in its sole discretion notify the other party that payments on that date are to be made in escrow. In this case the deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment) on that date with an escrow agent selected by the party giving the notice, accompanied by irrevocable payment instructons (i) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient upon receipt by the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the other party on the same date accompanied by the irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect or (ii) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on that same date, to return the payment deposited to the party that paid it into escrow. The party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements and shall cause those arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the payment due to be deposited first shall be entitled to interest on that deposited payment for each day in the period of its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 am. local time on that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. on the date it is deposited for any reason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make hereunder in a timely fashion.
(e) Recording of Conversations. Each party hereto consents to the recording of its telephone conversations relating to this Agreement or any potential Transaction. To the extent that one party records telephone conversations (the "Recording Party") and the other party does not (the "Non- Recording Party"), the Recording Party shall, in the event of any dispute, make a complete and unedited copy of such party's tape of the entire day's conversations with the Non-Recording Party's personnel available to the Non- Recording Party. The Recording Party's tapes may be used by either party in any forum in which a dispute is sought to be resolved and the Recording Party will retain tapes for a consistent period of time in accordance with the Recording Party's policy unless one party notifies the other that a particular Transaction is under review and warrants further retention.
(f) Limitation of Liability. No party shall be required to pay or be liable to the other party for any consequential, indirect or punitive damages, opportunity costs or lost profits.
(g) 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 16 and Section 6 of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the lnternational Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 15th July, 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement.
(h) Set-off. Section 6(f) is amended to include on line six after the words "payable by the Payee" the words "(or any Affiliate of the Payee)" and is further amended to add the following sentence at the end thereof: "For purposes ofthis provision 'Affiliate' of Party A shall only include subsidiaries of Party A."
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this document.
