SCHEDULE
dated as of February  6, 2017,
to the
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of December  17, 2014
between
BANK OF AMERICA, N.A. ( "Party A") 	   	 and      	    	  BOOZ  ALLEN HAMILTON INC. ( "Party B")
Party A and Party B have previously entered into that certain ISDA Master Agreement, dated as of December 17, 2014 (as amended from time to time, the "Prior ISDA"), the parties hereby amend and restate the Prior ISDA in its entirety with this Amended and Restated Schedule. Following the execution of this Amended and Restated Schedule, all references to the Agreement herein shall be to the ISDA 2002 Master Agreement, which is supplemented by this Amended and Restated Schedule, dated as of the even date.
Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a) 	 "SpecifiedEntity" means, in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	    	 Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	    	 Not Applicable
(b) 	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14\.
(c) 	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided, that
(i) 	 the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared" shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and
(ii) 	 the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "provided, however, that an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2) above if the default; event of default, or other similar condition or event referred to in (1), or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is caused not by the unavailability of funds but is caused solely due to a technical or administrative error which has been remedied within three Local Business Days after a notice of such failure is given to the party."
" Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of the Agreement except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
" Threshold Amount" means in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the shareholders' equity of Party A (on a consolidated basis) as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in Party A's jurisdiction of incorporation or organization by reference to Party A's most recently published audited financial statements (or its equivalent in another currency); and in relation to Party B, $50,000,000.
(d) 	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided, however, that Sections 5(b)(v)(2) and (3) shall not apply to Party A or Party B; and provided further with respect to Party B, no Designated Event that is not prohibited under the Credit Agreement shall give rise to a "Credit Event Upon Merger" with respect to Party B hereunder.
(e) 	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) 	 " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(g) 	 Additional Termination Event The following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:
The obligations of Party B under this Agreement shall not be equally and ratably secured and guaranteed with the obligations of Party B owing to Lenders under the Credit Agreement. An Additional Termination Event shall not occur to the extent that it is caused solely by the guarantee of any Guarantor under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement or the grant of a security interest by any Guarantor under the Credit Agreement not applying to any obligation of Party B under this Agreement as a result of such Guarantor's failure for any reason to constitute an "eligible contract participant", as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act and the regulations thereunder at the time the guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of a security interest by such Guarantor would otherwise have become effective with respect to Party B's obligations under this Agreement; provided that the foregoing shall only apply to that portion of the guarantee under the Guarantee and Collateral Agreement provided by the Guarantor who does not constitute an "eligible contract participant".
"Credit Agreement " shall mean the credit agreement (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented, extended, refinanced, replaced, or otherwise modified from time to time, this "Agreement") entered into as of July 31, 2012, as amended by the First Amendment dated as of August 16, 2013 and as further amended by the Second Amendment dated May 7, 2014, the Third Amendment dated as of July 13, 2016 and the Fourth Amendment dated as of February 6, 2017 (the "Credit Agreement "); capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Credit Agreement), among BOOZ ALLEN HAMILTON INC., a Delaware corporation (the "Company " or the "Borrower "), the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time parties to this Agreement (the "Lenders "), and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Administrative Agent, Collateral Agent and Issuing Lender.
For the purpose of the foregoing Additional Termination Events, Party B shall be the sole Affected Party and all transactions shall be Affected Transactions.
Part 2. Tax Representations.
(a) 	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	 Payee Tax Representations.
For the purposes of Section 3(f), Party A makes the following representations:
(1) 	 Party A is a national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America, is an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii)(M) and its federal taxpayer identification number is 94-1687665.
(2) 	 It is a "U.S. person" (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
For purposes of Section 3(f), Party B makes the following representations:
(1) 	 Party B represents that it is a U.S. corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and is organized under the laws of the State of Delaware.
(2) 	 It is a "U.S. person" (as that term is used in section 1.1441-4(a)(3)(ii) of United States Treasury Regulations) for U.S. federal income tax purposes and an exempt recipient under Treasury Regulation Section 1.6049-4(c)(1)(ii).
Part 3.
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a) 	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered under Section 4(a) are:
Party required to deliver document 	    	  Forms/Documents/Certificates 	    	  Date by which to be delivered Party A and Party B 	    	 An executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or any successor thereto), as applicable. 	    	 (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable request by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
Party A and Party B 	    	 Any form, document or certificate reasonably requested by the other party in order for such other party to be able to make payments hereunder without withholding for or on account of Taxes or with such withholding at a reduced rate. 	    	 Upon earlier of (i) reasonable demand (ii) the other party learning that the form or document is required.
(b) 	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	    	 Certified copies of all corporate authorizations and any other documents with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement. 	    	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement. 	    	 Yes Party A and Party B 	    	 Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and each confirmation. 	    	 Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party. 	    	 Yes
Party required to deliver 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A 	    	 Annual Report of Bank of America Corporation containing audited, consolidated financial statements certified by independent certified public accountants and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party is organized. 	    	 To be made available on www.bankofamerica.com/investor/ as soon as available and in any event within 90 days after the end of each fiscal year of Party A. 	    	 Yes Party A 	    	 Quarterly Financial Statements of Bank of America Corporation containing unaudited, consolidated financial statements of such party's fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party is organized. 	    	 To be made available on www.bankofamerica.com/investor/ as soon as available and in any event within 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Party A. 	    	 Yes Party B 	    	 A copy of the latest annual report of Party B containing audited consolidated financial statements for each such fiscal year certified by independent certified public accountants and a copy of the latest quarterly report of Party B containing unaudited consolidated financial statements all prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party is organized 	    	 If such financial statement is not reasonably publicly available on "EDGAR" or such party's internet home page and such financial statements have not been provided to Party A or its affiliate in its capacity as a Lender under the Credit Agreement, promptly upon reasonable request. 	    	 Yes
Part 4. Miscellaneous
(a) 	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a):
Bank of America Merrill Lynch
1133 Avenue of the Americas
42nd Floor, NY1-533-42-01
New York, NY 10036-6710
Attention: Agreements & Documentation
Facsimile No.: (212) 548-8622
With a copy to the following address:-
Email: dg.dggmgcidfaxnotices@bofasecurities.com
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	   	 575 Herndon Parkway Herndon, VA 20170 Attention: 	   	 Ryan Ross Email: 	   	 rossryan@bah.com_ Telephone No.: 	   	 571-346-4918
Notices relating to Sections 5, 6, 11, and 13 shall also be sent to:
Address: 	   	 575 Herndon Parkway Herndon, VA 20170 Attention: 	   	 Ryan Ross Email: 	   	 rossryan@bah.com_ Telephone No.: 	   	 571-346-4918
(b) 	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c):
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(c) 	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	 MultibranchParty. For the purpose of Section 10(b):
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through its Charlotte, North Carolina, Chicago, Illinois, San Francisco, California, New York, New York, Boston, Massachusetts or London, England Office or such other Office as may be agreed to by the parties in connection with a Transaction.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A , unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Party A, in which case Party B may appoint a Leading Dealer to act as substitute Calculation Agent for so long as such Event of Default is continuing. A "Leading Dealer" means a leading dealer in the relevant market that is not an Affiliate of either of the parties.
(f) 	 Credit Support Document.
Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party B, not applicable.
(g) 	 Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A, not applicable.
Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party B, not applicable.
(h) 	 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(i) 	 Netting of Payments. "Multiple Transaction Payment Netting" will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement; provided, that Party A and Party B may agree from time to time that Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply to certain specific Transactions.
(j) 	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k) 	 Absence of Litigation . For the purpose of Section 3(c):
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None.
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, None.
(l) 	 No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(m) 	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purposes of Section 3 of this Agreement each the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
(i) 	 Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1) 	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it is based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.
(2) 	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3) 	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(4) 	 Eligible Contract Participant. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into that it is an "eligible contract participant" as such term is defined in the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.
(ii) 	 Municipal Advisor Rule. Party B hereby represents, and will be deemed to represent at all times until the termination of the Agreement, that it is not, and does not act on behalf of, either a "municipal entity" or "obligated person" (in each case as defined in Section 15B of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules adopted by the SEC with respect to municipal advisor registration)."
(n) 	 Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, and (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel.
Part 5. Other Provisions.
(a) 	 Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Transaction.
(b) 	 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby; provided, however, that this severability provision shall not be applicable if any provision of Section 1, 2, 5 or 6 (or any definition or provision in Section 14 to the extent that it relates to, or is used in or in connection with any such Section) shall be so held to be invalid or unenforceable. The parties shall endeavor, in good faith negotiations, to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions with valid provisions, the economic effect of which on the parties comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
(c) 	 Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(d) 	 Transfer . Section 7 of this Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following phrase "which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld" in the third line thereof after the word "party" and before the word "except".
(e) 	 Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation in all material respects of the financial condition of the relevant person."
(f) 	 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 16 and Section 6 of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 15th July, 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement.
(g) 	 Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a)(Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 shall not include any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections ("FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, the FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for purposes of Section 2(d).
(h) 	 Incorporation of 2006 ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions ("2006 Definitions") each as published by the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc., are incorporated into any Confirmation which supplements and forms part of this Agreement, and all capitalised terms used in a Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in the 2006 Definitions, unless otherwise defined in a Confirmation. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the 2006 Definitions, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply, and in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and a Confirmation, the provisions of the Confirmation shall apply.
(i) 	 Specified Hedge Agreement. Party B represents to Party A (which representation will be deemed to be repeated by Party B on each date on which a Transaction is entered into) that this Agreement is a Specified Hedge Agreement as defined in the Credit Agreement.
(j) 	 HIRE Act. Notwithstanding Section 1(b) of this Agreement and any provision that is inconsistent or to the contrary in any Confirmation, to the extent that either party to this Agreement is not an adhering party to the ISDA 2015 Section 871(m) Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on November 2, 2015 and available at www.isda.org, as may be amended, supplemented, replaced or superseded from time to time (the "871(m) Protocol"), the parties agree that the provisions and amendments contained in the Attachment to the 871(m) Protocol are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement as if set forth in full herein, and each Confirmation dated prior to the date hereof or on or subsequent to the date hereof is hereby amended to reflect such provisions and amendments. The parties further agree that, solely for purposes of applying such provisions and amendments to this Agreement, references to "each Covered Master Agreement" in the 871(m) Protocol will be deemed to be references to this Agreement, and references to the "Implementation Date" in the 871(m) Protocol will be deemed to be references to the date of this Agreement.
(k) 	 Protocol Covered Agreement. Party A and Party B agree that this Agreement shall be considered a "Protocol Covered Agreement" for purposes of the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement published by ISDA on August 13, 2012 (the "DF August Protocol Agreement") and the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement published by ISDA on March 22, 2013 (the "DF March Protocol Agreement" and, together with the DF August Protocol Agreement, the "Protocol Agreements"), as applicable, if the parties (i) exchange the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Questionnaire and the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Questionnaire (together, the "Questionnaires") on or after the date of this Agreement or (ii) have exchanged Questionnaires prior to the date of this Agreement. In the case of either (i) or (ii) above, the Protocol Agreements, together with such exchanged Questionnaires and the portions of the DF Supplement and the March 2013 DF Supplement agreed upon by the parties in their Questionnaires, will supplement the terms of the Agreement as of the date hereof to the extent provided by the Protocol Agreements, DF Supplement and the March 2013 DF Supplement. Defined terms used but not defined in this provision shall have the meanings provided in the Protocol Agreements.
PART 6: Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Currency Option Transactions
(a) 	 Incorporation of Definitions.  The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions) and Currency Option Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions). Terms defined in the FX Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.
(b) 	 Scope and Confirmations.  Any confirmation in respect of any FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction into which the parties may enter, or may have entered into prior to the date hereof, that fails by its terms to expressly exclude the application of this Agreement shall (to the extent not otherwise provided for in this Agreement) (i) constitute a "Confirmation" as referred to in this Agreement even where not so specified in such confirmation and (ii) supplement form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement, and all provisions in this Agreement will govern such Confirmation except as modified therein. Without limitation of the forgoing, where an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system or by means of facsimile or telex (whether manually or automatically generated) or other document or confirming evidence shall constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement even where not so specified therein.
(c) 	 Automatic Exercise.  Section 3.6( c ) of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words "equal or" from the fifth line and by replacing the words "the product of ( i ) one percent of the Strike Price multiplied by ( ii ) the Call Currency Amount or the Put Currency Amount, as appropriate" with "zero". Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation, "Automatic Exercise" will apply to any Currency Option Transaction under this agreement.
(d) 	 Premium Netting. If, on any date, and unless otherwise mutually agreed by the parties, Premiums would otherwise be payable hereunder in the same Currency between the same respective offices of the parties, then, on such date, each party's obligation to make payment of such Premiums will be automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate Premiums that would otherwise have been payable by such office of one party exceeds the aggregate Premiums that would otherwise have been payable by such office of the other party, replaced by an obligation upon the party by whom the larger aggregate Premiums would have been payable to pay the other party the excess of the larger aggregate Premiums over the smaller aggregate Premiums, and if the aggregate Premiums are equal, no payment shall be made.
(e) 	 Payment Instructions. All payments to be made hereunder in respect of FX and Currency Option Transactions shall be made in accordance with standing payment instructions provided by the parties from time to time in writing (or as otherwise specified in a Confirmation).
(f) 	 Notice of Exercise. Article 3, Section 3.5(g) of the FX Definitions is amended by the deletion of the word "facsimile," in the fourth line thereof
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]
