SCHEDULE to the 2002 ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT dated as of January 4, 2016
between
CITIBANK, N.A.
a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States,
acting through an Office located in New York, London, Singapore or Sydney
( "Party A")
and
MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P.
a limited partnership organized and existing
under the laws of Delaware
( "Party B")
Part  1. Termination Provisions.
(a) " Specified Entity" means, in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	  Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Citigroup Global Markets Commercial Corp., Citicorp Securities Services, Inc., Citibank Europe PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Deutschland AG, Citigroup Energy Inc., Citibank International Limited, Citibank Japan Ltd., Citibank Canada, Citigroup Energy Canada ULC, and Citigroup Financial Products Inc.
Section 5(a)(vi): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	  Not Applicable
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vi): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(a)(vii): 	  Not Applicable Section 5(b)(v): 	  Not Applicable
(b) " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14.
(c) The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B; provided, that
(i) the phrase "or becoming capable at such time of being declared" shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and
(ii) the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "provided, however, that an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2) above if the default, event of default, or other similar condition or event referred to in (1) or
the failure to pay referred to in (2) is caused not by the unavailability of funds but is caused solely due to a technical or administrative error which has been remedied within three Local Business Days after a notice of such failure is given to the party."
" Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of the Agreement except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
" Threshold Amount" means in relation to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the stockholders' equity of Party A; and in relation to Party B, USD $50,000,000.
including the U.S. Dollar equivalent on the date of any default, event of default or other similar condition or event of any obligation stated in any other currency.
For purposes of the above, stockholders' equity shall be determined by reference to the relevant party's most recent consolidated (quarterly, in the case of a U.S. incorporated party) balance sheet and shall include, in the case of a U.S. incorporated party, legal capital, paid-in capital, retained earnings and cumulative translation adjustments. Such balance sheet shall be prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organization.
(d) The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(v) of this Agreement will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B, except that Section 5(b)(v)(3) shall not apply to Party A or Party B.
(e) The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(g) Additional Termination Event. The following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:
(i) Mack-Cali Realty Corporation ceases to qualify as a Real Estate Investment Trust under the Internal Revenue Code, as amended, or as a real estate investment trust pursuant to any Federal or State law, statute, income tax code, rule or regulation.
Part  2. Tax Representations.
(a) Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 9(h) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its
legal or commercial position.
(b) Payee Tax Representations.
For the purposes of Section 3(f), Party A makes the following representations:
It is a national banking association organized under the laws of the United States and its U.S. taxpayer identification number is 13-5266470. It is "exempt" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-3(p) and 1.6049-4(c) from information reporting on Form 1099 and backup withholding.
For purposes of Section 3(f), Party B makes the following representations:
Party B represents that it is a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
It is a limited partnership created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States. It is "exempt" within the meaning of Treasury Regulation sections 1.6041-3(p) and 1.6049-4(c) from information reporting on Form 1099 and backup withholding.
Each payment received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement will be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States.
Part  3.
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a) Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered under Section 4(a) are:
Party  required to deliver document 	    	  Forms/Documents/Certificates 	    	  Date  by which to be delivered Party A and Party B 	    	  An executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor thereto), Form W-8BEN (or any successor thereto), or W-9 (or any successor thereto), as applicable. 	    	  (i) Upon execution of this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable request by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
Party A and Party B 	    	  Any form, document or certificate reasonably requested by the other party in order for such other party to be able to make payments 	    	  Upon earlier of (i) reasonable demand (ii) the other party learning that the form or document is
hereunder without withholding for or on account of Taxes or with such withholding at a reduced rate. 	    	  required.
(b) Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date  by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered  by Section 3(d) Representation Party B 	    	  Certified copies of all corporate authorizations. 	    	  Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement. 	    	  Yes Party B 	    	  The party's annual report containing audited consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organization and certified by independent certified public accountants for each fiscal year. 	    	  To the extent not publicly available or accessible at the website of Party B or at www.sec.gov, as soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and also within 120 calendar days after the end of each fiscal year while there are any obligations outstanding under this Agreement, provided that, this delivery requirement shall be satisfied to the extent the relevant copy of the financial statement is delivered to Party A or any Affiliate of Party A, in its capacity as Lender under the Term Loan Agreement. 	    	  Yes Party B 	    	  The party's unaudited consolidated financial statements, the consolidated balance sheet and related statements of income for each fiscal quarter prepared in accordance with accounting principles that are generally accepted in such party's country of organization. 	    	  As soon as available and in any event within 60 days (or as soon as practicable after becoming publicly available) after the end of each of its fiscal quarters if such financial statement is not available on "EDGAR" or at the website of Party B, provided that this delivery requirement shall be satisfied to the extent the 	    	  Yes
relevant copy of the financial statement is delivered to Party A or any Affiliate of Party A, in its capacity as Lender under the Term Loan Agreement.
Party A and Party B 	    	  Certificate of authority and specimen signatures of individuals executing this Agreement and each confirmation. 	    	  Upon execution and delivery of this Agreement and thereafter upon request of the other party. 	    	  Yes
Part  4. Miscellaneous
(a) Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a):
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
Address: 	  Capital Market Documentation Unit 388 Greenwich Street 17th Floor New York, New York 10013 Attention: 	  Director of Derivative Operations Facsimile No: 212 816 5550
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	  MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P.
343 Thornall Street, 8th Floor Edison, NJ 08837-2206 Attention: 	  William Fitzpatrick Phone: 	  732.590.1510 Fax: 	  732.205.8237 Email: 	  bfitzpatrick@mack-cali.com With a copy to:
Address: 	  Chatham Financial Corporation 235 Whitehorse Lane Kennett Square, PA 19348 Attention: 	  Paul Elsen Phone: 	  484-731-0427 Email: 	  pelsen@chathamfinancial.com
(b) Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c):
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Service of Process outside the State of New York will be only for the convenience of Party B and has no effect on the choice of forum or law agreed to by the parties expressed herein.
(c) Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c):
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through its New York, London, Singapore, and Sydney Offices.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) Calculation Agent.  The Calculation Agent is Party A ,  unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Party A, in which case the parties may jointly appoint a Leading Dealer to act as substitute Calculation Agent for so long as such Event of Default is continuing.  A "Leading Dealer" means a leading dealer in the relevant market that is not an Affiliate of either of the parties.
(f) Credit Support Document.  Credit Support Document means, in relation to Party A, none and, in relation to Party B, none.
(g) Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means, in relation to Party A, none and, in relation to Party B, none.
(h) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(i) Jurisdiction. Section 13(b)(i) of the Agreement is hereby amended by deleting in line 2 of paragraph 2 the word "non-" and by deleting paragraph (iii) thereof. The following shall be added at the end of Section 13(b):
"Nothing in this provision shall prohibit a party from bringing an action to enforce a money judgment in any other jurisdiction."
(j) Netting of Payments. Either party may notify the other in writing, not less than one Local Business Day in advance of one or more Scheduled Payment Dates, that with regard to payments due on that date, Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will apply. Except to the extent that such advance written notice shall have been given, Multiple Transaction Payment Netting will not apply for the purpose of Section 2(c) of this Agreement; provided, however, that for each of the following groups of Transactions, Party A and Party B hereby elect to net payments of all amounts payable on the same day in the same currency (and through the same Office of Party A) by specifying that Section 2(c) of the Agreement will apply with respect to each of the following groups of Transactions:
(i) FX Transactions entered into by the parties; and
(ii) Currency Option Transactions entered into by the parties;
(iii) Commodity Option Transactions entered into by the parties (on a Commodity by Commodity basis to the extent operationally feasible); and
(iv) Commodity Transactions other than Option Transactions (on a Commodity by Commodity basis to the extent operationally feasible).
The starting date for the election commences upon entering the first Transaction under the Agreement with respect to either of the above groups of Transactions..
(k) " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(l) Absence of Litigation . For the purpose of Section 3(c):
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A, None.
" Specified Entity" means in relation to Party B, None.
(m) No Agency. The provisions of Section 3(g) will apply to this Agreement.
(n) Additional Representation will apply. For the purposes of Section 3 of this Agreement each the following will constitute an Additional Representation:
(i) Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it is based upon its own judgement and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Transaction.
(2) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(4) Eligible Contract Participant. At the time of each Transaction entered into under this Agreement, each of Party A and Party B represents to the other that it is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in Section 1a(18) of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act ("CEA") and CFTC Regulations promulgated thereunder (an "ECP").
(5) ERISA. The assets that are used in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Transactions entered into pursuant hereto are not the assets of (i) an "employee benefit plan" (within the meaning of Section 3(3) of The Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA")) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (ii) a plan that is subject
to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), (iii) an entity whose underlying assets include "plan assets" by reason of Department of Labor regulation section 2510.3-101 (as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA), or (iv) a governmental plan that is subject to any federal, state, or local law that is substantially similar to the provisions of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code."
(6) Risk Management. Party B alone represents that this Agreement has been, and each Transaction hereunder has been or will be, as the case may be, entered into for the purpose of managing its borrowings or investments, hedging its underlying assets or liabilities or in connection with its line of business (including financial intermediation services) and not for the purpose of speculation.
(n) Recording of Conversations. Each party consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction.
Part  5. Other Provisions.
(a) Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Transaction.
(b) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
(c) Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, any transaction (other than a repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction or securities lending transaction) which may otherwise constitute a "Specified Transaction" (without regard to the phrase "which is not a Transaction under this Agreement but" in the definition of "Specified Transaction") for purposes of this Agreement which has been or will be entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" which is subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless any Confirmation with respect to a Transaction entered into after the execution of this Agreement expressly provides otherwise.
(d) Definition of Term Loan Agreement. "Term Loan Agreement" means that certain Term Loan Agreement by and among MACK-CALI REALTY, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., a national banking association, JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., a national banking association, WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., a national banking association, and the other lending institutions party hereto or which may become parties thereto from time to time (each, a "Lender") and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as the administrative agent for itself and each other Lender, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK , N.A. and WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A., as the syndication agents, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or modified from time to time.
(e) Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any Transaction.
(f) Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby. The invalidity of a provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate or render unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.
(g) Transfer .   Section 7 of this Agreement is hereby amended by inserting the following phrase "which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld" in the third line thereof after the word "party" and before the word "except".
(h) Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation in all material respects of the financial condition of the relevant person."
(i) 2002 Master Agreement Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in Annexes 1 to 16 and Section 6 of the 2002 Master Agreement Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on 15th July, 2003 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement.
(j) Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a)(Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 shall not include any U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code") and any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections ("FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, the FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
(k) 2010 Short Form  HIRE Act Protocol. The parties agree that the definitions and provisions contained in the Attachment to the 2010 Short Form HIRE Act Protocol published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. on November 30, 2010 are incorporated into and apply to this Agreement as if set forth in full herein.
(l) Incorporation of 2006 ISDA Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions ("2006 Definitions") each as published by the International Swap Dealers Association, Inc., are incorporated into any Confirmation which supplements and forms part of this Agreement, and all capitalised terms used in a Confirmation shall have the meaning set forth in the 2006 Definitions, unless otherwise defined in a Confirmation. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and the provisions of the 2006 Definitions, the provisions of this Agreement shall apply, and in the event of any conflict between the provisions of this Agreement and a Confirmation, the provisions of the Confirmation shall apply.
PART  6: Additional Terms for Foreign Exchange and Currency Option Transactions
(a) Incorporation of Definitions.  The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee, are hereby incorporated by reference with respect to FX Transactions (as defined in the FX
Definitions) and Currency Option Transactions (as defined in the FX Definitions). Terms defined in the FX Definitions shall have the same meanings in this Part 6.
(b) Scope and Confirmations.   Any confirmation in respect of any FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction into which the parties may enter, or may have entered into prior to the date hereof, that fails by its terms to expressly exclude the application of this Agreement shall (to the extent not otherwise provided for in this Agreement) (i) constitute a "Confirmation" as referred to in this Agreement  even where not so specified in such confirmation and (ii) supplement form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement, and all provisions in this Agreement will govern such Confirmation except as modified therein.  Without limitation of the forgoing, where an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction is confirmed by means of exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system or by means of facsimile or telex (whether manually or automatically generated) or other document or confirming evidence shall constitute a Confirmation for the purposes of this Agreement even where not so specified therein.
(c) Automatic Exercise.   Section 3.6(c) of the FX Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words "equal or" from the fifth line and by replacing the words "the product of (i) one percent of the Strike Price multiplied by ( ii ) the Call Currency Amount or the Put Currency Amount, as appropriate" with "zero". Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation, "Automatic Exercise" will apply to any Currency Option Transaction under this agreement.
(d) Article 3 General Terms Relating to Currency Option Transactions.
The FX Definitions are hereby amended by adding the following new Section 3.9:
Section 3.9 Discharge and Termination of Options. Unless otherwise agreed, any Call or Put written by a party will automatically be terminated and discharged, in whole or in part, as applicable, against a Call or Put, respectively, written by the other party, such termination and discharge to occur automatically upon the payment in full of the last Premium payable in respect of such Currency Option Transaction; provided, that such termination and discharge may only occur in respect of Currency Option Transactions with the same material terms, including but not limited to:
(a) each being with respect to the same Put Currency and the same Call Currency (i.e., a Put may only be discharged against another Put and not against a Call)
(b) each having the same Expiration Date and Expiration Time;
(c) each being of the same style (i.e., either both being of American or European Style);
(d) each having the same Strike Price;
(e) neither of which shall have been exercised;
(f) each of which has been entered into by the same pair of Offices of the parties; and
(g) each having the same procedures for exercise;
and, upon the occurrence of such termination and discharge, neither party shall have any further obligation to the other party in respect of the relevant Currency Option Transactions terminated and discharged. In the case of a partial termination and discharge (i.e., where the relevant Currency Option Transactions are for different amounts of the Currency Pair), the remaining portion of the Currency Option Transaction shall continue to be a Currency Option Transaction for all purposes hereunder.
PART  7: Dodd Frank Regulatory Provisions
(a) US Person Status. Party B hereby represents and agrees that it reasonably believes that it does fall within one or more of the U.S. Person Categories, as defined and outlined in the ISDA Cross-Border Representation Letter, available here, or would otherwise be deemed to be a "U.S. person" under the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission's ("CFTC") Final Cross- Border Interpretive Guidance, available here, (the "Interpretive Guidance").
This representation shall be deemed repeated each time Party B enters into a Swap Transaction with Party A unless Party B has notified Party A to the contrary in a timely manner in writing prior to entering into such Swap Transaction.
(b) Eligible Contract Participant. Further, if Party B is _acting for its own account_ , Party B represents, such representation deemed to be repeated each time Party B enters into a Swap Transaction with Party A unless Party B has notified Party A to the contrary in a timely manner in writing prior to entering into such Swap Transaction, that it is one or more of the following:
(please check all that apply)
o Party B is a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity (1) that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000 or (2) the obligations of which under an agreement, contract, or transaction are guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support, or other agreement by a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity that has total assets exceeding $10,000,000, a Financial Institution, an Eligible Insurance Company, an Eligible Investment Company, an Eligible Commodity Pool, an Eligible Government Entity or an Other Eligible Person ("Large Entity "). If Party B affirms its commodity pool status it may not rely solely on this subsection or the subsequent subsection to establish that it is an "eligible contract participant" under Section 1a(18) of the CEA.
o Party B is a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organization, trust, or other entity that has a net worth exceeding $1,000,000 and that is entering into swaps in connection with the conduct of its business or to manage the risk associated with an asset or liability owned or incurred (or reasonably likely to be owned or incurred) by the entity in the conduct of its business ("Hedging Entity ECP "). If Party B affirms its commodity pool status it may not rely solely on this or the previous subsection to establish that it is an "eligible contract participant" under Section 1a(18) of the CEA.
Such ECP representation, above, is deemed to be repeated each time Party B enters into
a Swap Transaction with Party A under this Agreement, unless Party B has notified Party A to the contrary in a timely manner in writing prior to entering into such Swap Transaction.
(c) Protocol Covered Agreement. For purposes of the ISDA August 2012 DF Protocol Agreement published on August 13, 2012, and the ISDA March 2013 DF Protocol Agreement published on March 22, 2013 (the "Protocol Agreement"), the parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall constitute a Protocol Covered Agreement as defined under the Protocol Agreement.
(d) Certain Permitted Disclosures. Party A is required to report swap transactions with counterparties to appropriate regulators.  Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any non-disclosure, confidentiality or other agreement between Party A and yourself, as a counterparty to a swap, you hereby consent to the disclosure of information to the extent required or permitted by any applicable law, rule or regulation which mandates reporting and/or retention of transaction and similar information or the extent required by order or directive regarding reporting and/or retention of transaction or similar information issued by any authority, body or agency in accordance with which Party A is required or accustomed to act, including reporting required to be made to swap or trade data repositories or systems or services operated by such repositories.
(e) Certain Dodd-Frank Disclosures. Citibank N.A. and certain of its affiliates ("Citi") are registered with the CFTC as a U.S. swap dealer. As a swap dealer, these entities are required to provide you with certain disclosures including information regarding the material risks and characteristics of particular transaction types and material incentives and conflicts of interest. The parties agree that these disclosures may be provided through the Citi Velocity website. Please log on to https://www.citivelocity.com/menu/DoddFrankMaterialDisclosures for access to these disclosures. If you do not have a Velocity username and password, please us the following username: citidisclosures and password: welcome1 for access.
Contact your Citi representative if you have any questions regarding this information.
(f) Trade Options. The parties agree that none of the Transactions entered into under this Agreement shall be commodity option transactions entered into pursuant to CFTC Regulation 32.3(a), commonly known as "Commodity Trade Options".
(g) Dodd-Frank Information. In accordance with the notice procedures set forth in this Agreement, each Party agrees to promptly provide the other Party with any information reasonably requested by such other Party to enable such other Party to comply with Title VII of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and CFTC Regulations in connection with any Transaction outstanding between the Parties under this Agreement.
(h) Record-keeping. Each Party shall comply with the applicable recordkeeping requirements set forth in CFTC Regulation 45.2(b). Each Party shall also comply with the applicable recordkeeping retention and retrieval requirements set forth in CFTC Regulations 45.2(c), (d), (e) and (h). In accordance with U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (the "CFTC") Regulation 45.8, Party A shall be the "reporting counterparty" (as that term is defined in CFTC Regulation 45.1) with respect to all Transactions under this Agreement. As the "reporting counterparty," Party A will provide and report to a registered a "swap data
repository" as defined in Section 1a(48) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and CFTC Regulations all of the information and data required to be reported under CFTC Regulations with respect to the Transactions and events under this Agreement. For the removal of doubt, any non-material error or non- compliance with the regulations set forth in this paragraph shall not be an Event of Default.
