2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM)
to the Schedule to the
ISDA Master Agreement dated July 12, 2017
between
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.   ( "Party A") 	   	 and 	   	  CMF ASPECT MASTER FUND L.P.   ( "Party B")
This Annex supplements, forms part of, and is subject to, the above-referenced ISDA Master Agreement (the "Agreement "), is part of its Schedule and is a Credit Support Document under this Agreement with respect to each party.
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:
Paragraph 13. Elections and Variables
(a)	  Base Currency and Eligible Currency.
(i) "Base Currency " means United States Dollars (U.S. $).
(ii) "Eligible Currency " means United States Dollars (U.S. $).
(b) 	  Covered Transactions; Security Interest for Obligations; Exposure.
(i) The term " Covered Transactions" as used in this Annex includes all Transactions (other than Spot FX Transactions).
"Spot FX Transaction" means any "FX Transaction" as defined in the ISDA 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions") with a Settlement Date (as defined in the FX Definitions which is on or before the second Local Business Day following the day on which the parties entered into such FX Transaction and which is not subject to a requirement to collect or post variation margin under applicable law.
(ii) The term "Obligations " as used in this Annex includes the following additional obligations: None specified
(iii) " Exposure" has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12.
(c) 	  Credit Support Obligations.
(i) 	  Delivery Amount (VM) and Return Amount (VM).
(A) 	  "Delivery Amount (VM) " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(a).
(B) 	  "Return Amount (VM) " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 3(b).
(ii) 	  Eligible Collateral (VM). The following items will qualify as "Eligible Collateral" provided that the non-cash items below (if any) shall only qualify as Eligible Collateral if they are, on the relevant Valuation Date, rated at least AA by Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. or at least Aa2 by Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (such requirement, the "Ratings Condition "), but only to the extent that such Ratings Condition requires a higher minimum rating than any minimum ratings requirement applicable to the Eligible Collateral identified below under applicable law.
ISDA  COLLATERAL ASSET DEFINITION (ICAD)  CODE	     	  REMAINING MATURITY	     	  VALUATIONPERCENTAGE US-CASH 	    	  Not applicable 	    	 100% US-TBILL / US-TNOTE / US-TBOND / US-TIPS 	    	  Less than 1 year From 1 year, up to and including 5 years More than 5 years, up to and including 10 years More than 10 years, less than 30 years 	    	  99.5% 98% 96% 96% US-STRIP 	    	  All 	    	 92%
The definitions used in this table are taken from the ISDA publication "Collateral Asset Definitions" (First Edition - June 2003) and are hereby incorporated by reference.
Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, in the event that no current market price from a generally recognized publicly available pricing source can be obtained for a security that otherwise constitutes Eligible Collateral, such security shall no longer constitute Eligible Collateral hereunder.
If at any time the Valuation Percentage assigned to an item of Eligible Collateral with respect to a party (as the Pledgor) under this Annex is greater than the maximum permitted valuation percentage for such item of collateral under any law requiring the collection of variation margin applicable to the other party (as the Secured Party), then the Valuation Percentage with respect to such item of Eligible Collateral and such party will be such maximum permitted valuation percentage. Such maximum permitted valuation percentage will be the applicable Valuation Percentage for the affected items with effect from the fifth Local Business Day following the date of delivery of a written notice by a party (a "VP Adjustment Notice ") which: (a) specifies the relevant law requiring such maximum permitted valuation percentage; and (b) identifies the relevant affected items and, if applicable, describes the reason why such item falls within such law. To the extent relevant, such VP Adjustment Notice may break an item type into sub- categories and identify the related maximum permitted valuation percentages if lower than the assigned percentage.
(iii) 	  Legally Ineligible Credit Support (VM). The provisions of Paragraph 11(g) will apply to both parties:
(A) 	  "Total Ineligibility Date " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g) unless otherwise specified here: Not specified.
(B) 	  "Transfer Ineligibility Date " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 11(g) unless otherwise specified here: Not specified.
(iv) 	  Credit Support Eligibility Conditions (VM). None applicable.
(v) 	  " Valuation Percentage"; "FX Haircut Percentage"
(A) 	  "Valuation Percentage ". The Valuation Percentage for either party (as the Pledgor) and any item of Eligible Collateral (VM) will be the valuation percentage for such item as set forth in Paragraph 13(c)(ii), " Eligible Collateral (VM)".
(B) 	  "FX Haircut Percentage ". The FX Haircut Percentage for either party (as the Pledgor) and any item of Eligible Collateral (VM) will be zero.
(vi) 	  Other Eligible Support (VM). The following items will qualify as "Other Eligible Support (VM) " for the party specified (as the Pledgor): None specified.
(vii) 	  Minimum Transfer Amount.
(A) 	  "Minimum Transfer Amount " means with respect to Party A and Party B: US$250,000, provided , however , that if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to a party, the Minimum Transfer Amount for such party shall be zero.
(B) 	  Rounding.
(1) 	  the Delivery Amount (VM) will be rounded up to the nearest integral multiple of 10,000 units of the Base Currency; and
(2) 	  the Return Amount (VM) will be rounded down to the nearest integral multiple of 10,000 units of the Base Currency.
(viii) 	  Transfer Timing. "Regular Settlement Day " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12, unless otherwise specified here: Not specified.
(d) 	  Valuation and Timing.
(i) 	  "Valuation Agent " means:
(A) 	  for purposes of Paragraphs 3 and 5, the party making the demand under Paragraph 3 in respect of the applicable Valuation Date unless there has occurred and is continuing any Event of Default, Potential Event of Default or Additional Termination Event with respect to such party, in which case the other party shall be the Valuation Agent provided, however, that in the event that
both 	  parties are making a demand under Paragraph 3 in respect of any Valuation Date (t):
(1) 	  if on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1) only one party made a demand under Paragraph 3 the Valuation Agent in respect of that Valuation Date (t) shall be the party which was the Valuation Agent on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1);
(2) 	  if on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1) both parties made a demand under Paragraph 3 the Valuation Agent in respect of that Valuation Date (t) shall be the party which was not the Valuation Agent on the immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1); and
(3) 	  if there is no immediately preceding Valuation Date (t-1), the Valuation Agent in respect of that Valuation Date (t) shall be Party A (or if none, the first named party in the Agreement).
(B) for purposes of Paragraph 6(d), the Secured Party as defined therein.
(ii) 	  "Valuation Date " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12.
For purposes of determining the Valuation Date and clause (iii) of the definition of "Local Business Day" in Paragraph 12, _" Valuation Date Location"_ means, with respect to each party, each city, region, or country specified below:
Party A: New York
Party B: New York
(iii) 	  "Valuation Time " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 12.
(iv) 	  "Notification Time " means 10:00 a.m., New York time, on a Local Business Day.
(v) 	  Events of Default.
Paragraph 7(i) of this Annex is hereby amended and restated in its entirety as follows: "(i) that party fails (or fails to cause its Custodian (VM)) to make, when due, any Transfer of Eligible Collateral (VM), Posted Collateral (VM), or the Interest Payment (VM), as applicable, required to be made by it and that failure continues until the close of business on the Local Business Day after the day upon which such Transfer was due." Paragraph 7(ii) and (iii) of this Annex are hereby amended by replacing the words "five Local Business Days" and "30 days," respectively, with the words "3 Local Business Days" and "10 days," respectively.
(e) 	  Conditions Precedent and Secured Party 's Rights and Remedies.
(i) 	  The provisions of Paragraph 4(a) will apply.
(ii) 	  If the provisions of Paragraph 4(a) are applicable, the following Termination Event(s) will be a "Specified Condition " for the party specified (that party being the Affected Party if the Termination Event occurs with respect to that party): With respect to Party A, any
Additional Termination Event and with respect to Party B, any Additional Termination Event.
(f) 	  Substitution.
(i) 	  "Substitution Date " has the meaning specified in Paragraph 4(d)(ii).
(ii) 	  Consent. If specified here as applicable, then the Pledgor must obtain the Secured Party's consent for any substitution pursuant to Paragraph 4(d): Inapplicable
(g) 	  Dispute Resolution.
(i) 	  "Resolution Time " means 1:00 p.m., New York time, on the Local Business Day following the date on which the notice is given that gives rise to a dispute under Paragraph 5\.
(ii) 	  Value. For the purpose of Paragraphs 5(iv)(A)(3) and 5(iv)(B), the Value of Posted Credit Support (VM) will be calculated as follows:
(A) 	  The Value of USD-CASH will be the face amount thereof; and
(B) 	  with respect to any Eligible Collateral other than US-CASH, the sum of (I) (x) the mean of the high bid and low asked prices quoted on such date by two principal market makers for such Eligible Collateral chosen by the Disputing Party, or (y) if no quotations are available from two principal market makers for such date, the mean of such high bid and low asked prices as of the first day prior to such date on which such quotations were available, plus (II) the accrued interest on such Eligible Collateral (except to the extent Transferred to a party pursuant to any applicable provision of this Agreement or included in the applicable price referred to in (I) of this provision) as of such date.
(iii) 	  Alternative. The provisions of Paragraph 5 will apply.
(h) 	  Holding and Using Posted Collateral (VM).
(i) 	  Eligibility to Hold Posted Collateral (VM). Party A will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral (VM) itself or through its Custodian (VM) pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions applicable to it are satisfied:
(A) 	  Party A is not a Defaulting Party.
(B) 	  The Custodian is a Bank (as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) which is unaffiliated with Party A, organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, having assets of at least USD10 billion and whose rating with respect to its long term unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness is at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody's.
Party B will be entitled to hold Posted Collateral (VM) itself or through its Custodian (VM) pursuant to Paragraph 6(b); provided that the following conditions applicable to it are satisfied:
(A) 	  Party B is not a Defaulting Party.
(B) 	  The Custodian is a Bank (as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act) which is unaffiliated with Party B, organized under the laws of the United States or any state thereof, having assets of at least USD10 billion and whose rating with respect to its long term unsecured, unsubordinated indebtedness is at least A- by S&P or A3 by Moody's.
As used herein:
"Moody's" shall mean Moody's Investors Service, Inc., or its successor.
"S&P" shall mean S&P Global Ratings, acting through Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC, or its successor.
(ii) Use of Posted Collateral (VM). The provisions of Paragraph 6(c) will apply to both parties.
(i) 	  Distributions and Interest Payment (VM).
(i) Interest Rate (VM). The "Interest Rate (VM) " in relation to each Eligible Currency specified below will be:
Eligible Currency 	    	  Interest Rate (VM) 	    	  A/365 Currency USD 	    	  Fed Funds 	    	  No
For purposes of the foregoing:
"Fed Funds " means for any day, an interest rate per annum equal to the rate published as the Federal Funds Effective Rate that appears on Reuters Page FEDM or on Bloomberg Page FEDL01 for such day, or as published in another source mutually agreed by the parties.
(ii) _Transfer of Interest Payment (VM) or Application of Interest Amount (VM)._
Interest Transfer: Applicable.
For the purposes of Paragraph 6(d)(ii)(A), the Transfer of an Interest Payment (VM) by the Interest Payer (VM) will be made on or prior to the third Local Business Day of each calendar month.
Interest Payment Netting: Not Applicable.
Interest Adjustment: Not Applicable.
The definition of "Interest Period" set out in Paragraph 12 of this Annex shall be deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following:
"Interest Period " means each calendar month, provided that (i) if this Annex is not entered into on the first day of a calendar month, the first interest period will be the period from (and including) the day on which this Annex is entered into to (and including) the last day of such calendar month and (ii) if an Early Termination Date has been designated or deemed to occur in relation to a party, the Interest Period shall mean the period from (and including) the first
day of the calendar month in which such Early Termination Date occurred to (but excluding) such Early Termination Date.
(iii) Other Interest Elections.
Negative Interest: Applicable.
Daily Interest Compounding: Not Applicable.
(iv) Alternative to Interest Amount (VM) and Interest Payment (VM).
Not specified
(j) 	  Credit Support Offsets. Not Applicable.
(k) 	  Additional Representation(s). None specified.
(l) 	  Other Eligible Support (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM).
(i) 	  "Value " with respect to Other Eligible Support (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM) means: Not applicable.
(ii) 	  "Transfer " with respect to Other Eligible Support (VM) and Other Posted Support (VM) means: Not applicable.
(m) 	  Demands and Notices.
(i) 	  All demands, specifications and notices under this Annex will be made pursuant to the Notices Section of this Agreement, unless otherwise specified here:
With respect to Party A:
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A.
JPM Collateral Services
500 Stanton Christiana Road
NCC5/FL1 DE3-4184
Newark, Delaware 19713
Group Telephone No.: (302) 634-4607
Facsimile No.: (302) 552-6930
Email: collateralservices@jpmorgan.com_
Party B:
CMF Aspect Master Fund L.P.
c/o Ceres Managed Futures LLC
522 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York 10036
Attention: Patrick Egan
Email: Patrick.egan@morganstanley.com
(n) 	  Addresses for Transfers.
Party A: As advised from time to time.
Party B: As advised from time to time.
(o) 	  Other CSA. None.
(p) 	  SFTR Information Statement. Party A provides to Party B the "Information Statement in accordance with Article 15 of the Securities Financing Transactions Regulation" attached hereto as Exhibit A.
(q) 	  Other Provisions.
(i) 	  Initial Returned Posted Credit Support. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Annex, the Secured Party may satisfy its obligation to Transfer a Return Amount (VM) in accordance with Paragraph 3(b) by Transferring any Eligible Collateral (VM) or, if Eligible Collateral (VM) does not include Cash, any Eligible Collateral (VM) or Cash, to the Pledgor (the "Initial Returned Posted Credit Support "); provided, that, no later than the relevant Return Date, (1) the Secured Party Transfers to the Pledgor the Posted Credit Support (VM) specified by the Pledgor in its demand for a Return Amount (VM) (a "Return Request ") and (2) the Pledgor Transfers to the Secured Party the Initial Returned Posted Credit Support plus interest on the Cash included in the Initial Returned Posted Credit Support, if any, at the Interest Rate (VM). For purposes hereof, "Return Date " means (x) if the relevant Return Request was received by the Secured Party by the Notification Time on a Local Business Day, the close of business on the next Local Business Day and (y) if the relevant Return Request was received by the Secured Party after the Notification Time on a Local Business Day, the close of business on the second Local Business Day thereafter.
(ii) 	  Independent Amounts. The following amendments are made to this Annex in order to provide for the inclusion of independent amount margin:
The phrase "and Independent Amounts (IA)" is added to the title to the Annex such that the title of the Annex reads in its entirety: "2016 Credit Support Annex for Variation Margin (VM) and Independent Amounts (IA)".
Each instance of "(VM)" in the Annex is replaced with "(VM)/(IA)"
Paragraph 1(c) of the Annex is hereby replaced with the following:
"(c) 	  Scope of this Annex and the Other CSA. The only Transactions which will be relevant for the purposes of determining a "Credit Support Amount (VM/IA)" under this Annex will be the Covered Transactions specified in Paragraph 13. Each Other CSA, if any, is hereby amended such that the Transactions that will be relevant for purposes of determining "Exposure" or, unless otherwise provided in Paragraph 13, any "Independent Amount" thereunder, if any, will exclude the Covered Transactions. Except as provided in Paragraphs 8(a), 8(b) and 11(j), nothing in this Annex will affect the rights and obligations, if any, of either party with respect to initial margin not designated as an "Independent
Amount 	  " under each Other CSA, if any, with respect to Transactions that are Covered Transactions."
Paragraph 3(a)(i) is deleted and replaced with "the Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA)" and Paragraph 3(b)(ii) is deleted and replaced with "the Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA)".
Paragraph 12 of the Annex is hereby further amended by adding the following defined terms thereto in alphabetical order:
"Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA)" means, unless otherwise specified in Paragraph 13, for any Valuation Date (i) the Secured Party's Exposure for that Valuation Date plus (ii) the aggregate of all Independent Amounts applicable to the Pledgor, if any, minus (iii) all Independent Amounts applicable to the Secured Party, if any; provided , however , that the Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA) will be deemed to be zero whenever the calculation of Credit Support Amount (VM)/(IA) yields a number less than zero.
"Independent Amount " means, with respect to a party, the amount specified for that party in Paragraph 13, or if no amount is specified, zero.
(iii) (A) "Independent Amount" shall not apply to Party A for purposes of this Annex.
"Independent Amount" means, with respect to Party B in respect of any Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A equal to the sum of the Transaction Independent Amounts.
"Transaction Independent Amount" means, as of any Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A as follows:
(i) in respect of any Transaction outstanding as of such Valuation Date evidenced by a Confirmation that sets forth an Independent Amount (an "IA Transaction"), such Independent Amount;
(ii) in respect of In Scope Transactions (as defined below) outstanding as of such Valuation Date, an amount equal to the product of (a) the greater of (1) the product of the Risk Determination (as defined below) times the Risk Multiplier (as defined below) and (2) the Stress-Based Independent Amount (as defined below) times (b) the Portfolio Multiplier (as defined below); and
(iii) in respect of each Transaction that is neither an In Scope Transaction nor an IA Transaction (an "Out of Scope Transaction"), an amount equal to the product of the notional principal amount (as determined as set forth below) of such Out of Scope Transaction multiplied by the percentage set forth below opposite the relevant type of Out of Scope Transaction in the following grid:
Transaction Type 	    	 Percentage
(1) Fixed income products (including swaps, swaptions, caps, floors, collars, and forward rate agreements) and total return swaps on instruments other than high yield and convertible bonds, in each case involving only Developed Market Currencies (as defined below) 	    	   	 5 	 %
(2) Mortgage-backed swaps involving only Developed Market Currencies 	    	   	 30 	 %
(3) Fixed income products (including swaps, swaptions, caps, floors, collars, and forward rate agreements) and total return swaps on instruments other than high yield and convertible bonds, in each case involving an Emerging Market Currency (as defined below) 	    	   	 30 	 %
(4) Total return swaps on equities, equity indices, high yield and convertible bonds, and equity options 	    	   	 25 	 %
(5) FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving only Developed Market Currencies 	    	   	 5 	 %
(6) FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions involving an Emerging Market Currency 	    	   	 20 	 %
(7) Commodity swaps, options, and forwards (other than Out of Scope Transactions involving an energy Commodity) 	    	   	 30 	 %
(8) Credit derivatives, including credit default swaps and credit spread options 	    	   	 20 	 %
(9) Any other transactions not listed here 	    	   	 As  agreed
In respect of the foregoing, if there is a Notional Amount set forth in the Confirmation evidencing an Out of Scope Transaction, the notional principal amount will be such Notional Amount. If there is no Notional Amount set forth in the Confirmation evidencing an Out of Scope Transaction, Party A shall determine the notional principal amount of such Out of Scope Transaction, subject to the following:
(i) if such Out of Scope Transaction is an FX Transaction or Currency Option Transaction, the Transaction Independent Amount shall be based on the USD amount involved in such Out of Scope Transaction (provided, however, that if there is no USD amount involved in such Out of Scope Transaction, then on the USD equivalent, as determined by Party A, of the amount payable to Party A under such Out of Scope Transaction at such time or thereafter; and provided, further, that, for this purpose, all such Out of Scope Transactions will be treated as Deliverable and the amount payable to Party A in respect of each Currency Option Transaction will be determined on the basis that such Currency Option Transaction will be exercised),
(ii) if such Out of Scope Transaction is an equity Option Transaction, the Transaction Independent Amount shall be based on the product of the Strike Price times the Option Entitlement (if any) times the Number of Options of such Out of Scope Transaction, and
(iii) if such Out of Scope Transaction involves a Commodity (other than an energy Commodity), the Transaction Independent Amount shall be based on an amount equal to the product of the highest Notional Quantity for a Calculation Period (or if there is only one Calculation Period, the Total Notional Quantity) times the Specified Price on the Trade Date of such Out of Scope Transaction (provided, however, that if such Out of Scope Transaction involves an energy Commodity, the Transaction Independent Amount shall be an amount equal to the product of (a) the total notional principal amount of such Out of Scope Transaction (the Total Notional Quantity or other similar quantity definition denominating the entire quantity for the term of
such Out of Scope Transaction) times (b) the fixed price (or contract price or other similar pricing definition for the price of the Commodity subject to such Out of Scope Transaction as of the Trade Date) times (c) 15%).
If any Out of Scope Transaction involves more than one Notional Amount, the higher value will apply for purposes of this calculation. If in any case the relevant amount is not expressed in USD, the USD equivalent thereof, as determined by Party A, shall be applicable for the purposes of determining the Transaction Independent Amount with respect to Out of Scope Transactions.
(Terms used in subsections (i), (ii), and (iii) immediately above without definition herein shall have the meanings set forth in the Confirmation of the relevant Out of Scope Transaction.)
"Currency Stress Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A representing the greatest potential loss to Party B in respect of In Scope Transactions resulting from the application of one or more risk scenarios formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which scenarios are based on, among other things, changes to the valuations of certain currencies or groups of currencies.
"Developed Market Country" means a country designated as such from time to time by Party A in its discretion (it being agreed that Party A may from time to time change any such designation of a country).
"Developed Market Currencies" means any currencies (individually, a "Developed Market Currency") designated as such from time to time by Party A in its discretion (it being agreed that Party A may from time to time change any such designation of a currency and that the Transaction Independent Amount may change as a result thereof (including, without limitation, as a result of a currency then falling within the application of one or more different risk scenarios)).
"Emerging Market Country" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, any country that is not a Developed Market Country.
"Emerging Market Currency" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, any currency that is not a Developed Market Currency.
"In Scope Transaction" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, (i) each Plain Vanilla (as defined below) Transaction that is a forward FX Transaction, Currency Option Transaction relating (y) solely to a Developed Market Currency or floating rate of a Developed Market Country or (z) to an Emerging Market Currency or floating rate of an Emerging Market Country that Party A includes as an In Scope Transaction in either case in its discretion, (ii) each Plain Vanilla (as defined below) Transaction that is a Bullion Trade or a Bullion Option (as defined in the 2005 ISDA Commodity Definitions) that Party A includes as an In Scope Transaction in its discretion, and (iii) each other Transaction that Party A determines in its discretion constitutes an In Scope Transaction; provided, however, that IA Transactions entered into on or after the date of this Agreement will not be In Scope Transactions. "Plain Vanilla" means a Transaction whose material terms are those set forth in the applicable form of Confirmation for that type of Transaction set forth in an exhibit to the definition booklet published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. that applies to that type of Transaction; provided that such Transaction may be confirmed using such form of Confirmation without substantive change; and
provided, further, that a Transaction that has material terms set forth in the exhibits to the 2005 Supplement to the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions will not be considered Plain Vanilla.
"Interest Rate Stress Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A representing the greatest potential loss to Party B in respect of In Scope Transactions resulting from the application of one or more risk scenarios formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which scenarios are based on, among other things, changes in the interest rates of certain countries or groups of countries.
"Liquidation Cost" means, as of the Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A by applying one or more shock factors to In Scope Transactions formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which such shock factors are based on, among other things, changes in the liquidity of the relevant currency.
"Pegged Currency" means a currency selected by Party A whose value Party A determines is pegged to another currency or Party A determines is not otherwise freely floating (it being agreed that Party A may from time to time change any such designation of a currency).
"Pegged Currency Add-on" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount equal to the sum of the Greatest Negative Nets (as defined below) in respect of all Pegged Currencies determined by Party A resulting from positions of Party B in each Pegged Currency arising under In Scope Transactions (which positions have, in the determination of Party A, currency sensitivity) being shocked in a manner determined by Party A, the resulting potential gains (expressed as a positive number) and losses (expressed as a negative number) to Party B in respect of each such Pegged Currency within each shocking factor being netted against each other, and the negative net amount, if any, representing the highest potential loss to Party B in respect of the shocking factors applied to such Pegged Currency being determined by Party A (in respect of any Pegged Currency, the "Greatest Negative Net").
"Portfolio Multiplier" means 1; provided, however, that Party A may amend the Portfolio Multiplier from time to time by notice to Party B.
"Risk Determination" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A in respect of In Scope Transactions using such methodology and factors as it determines in its discretion to be appropriate as of such day; provided, however, that such amount will be determined by Party A as follows until such time as Party A notifies Party B that Party A will be using a different methodology and/or factors: an amount equal to Party A's value at risk for a period of ten days in respect of all In Scope Transactions outstanding as of the relevant day, as determined by Party A as of such day based on a statistical confidence level of 99% using two years of historical data.
"Risk Multiplier" means 1; provided, however, that Party A may amend the Risk Multiplier from time to time by notice to Party B.
"Stress-Based Independent Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A in respect of In Scope Transactions equal to the sum of (i) the Pegged Currency Add-on plus (ii) the Currency Stress Amount plus (iii) the Interest Rate Stress Amount plus (iv) the Volatility Stress Amount plus (v) the Tenor Based Liquidation Add-on.
"Tenor Based Liquidation Add-on" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date for In Scope Transactions with a tenor greater than 12 months from the trade date, an amount calculated by Party A by: (i) determining the net Liquidation Cost amount for each currency by summing the Liquidation Costs for all In Scope Transactions of such currency, and (ii) aggregating the absolute value of the amounts determined under (i).
"Volatility Stress Amount" means, as of the relevant Valuation Date, an amount determined by Party A representing the greatest potential loss to Party B in respect of In Scope Transactions resulting from the application of one or more risk scenarios formulated by Party A that Party A determines to be appropriate as of such Valuation Date, which scenarios are based on, among other things, changes in the volatilities of options related to certain currencies or groups of currencies.
Party A has provided to Party B descriptions of the risk scenarios that Party A may use, in its discretion, to determine the Currency Stress Amount, the Interest Rate Stress Amount, and the Volatility Stress Amount. Party A may modify or change such risk scenarios from time to time by notice to Party B.
[Signature Page Follows]
Please confirm your agreement to the terms of the foregoing Paragraph 13 by signing below.
JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A.   By:    /s/ Leila Safai                                          Name: Leila Safai Title: Vice President Address: 1 New York Plaza, Floor 21 New York, New York 10004 Attention: Elizabeth Percontino Fascimile Number: 212-622-3491 	   	  	    	  CMF ASPECT MASTER FUND L.P.   By: Ceres Managed Futures LLC   By:    /s/ Patrick T. Egan                                          Name: Patrick T. Egan Title: President & Director Address: 522 Fifth Avenue, Floor 7 New York, NY 10036 Attention: Patrick Egan Facsimile Number: 212-507-2065
