SCHEDULE
to the
1992 ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of February 4, 2010
between
BARCLAYS BANK PLC
established as a Public Limited Company
under the laws of England and Wales ("Party A")
and
NATIONAL CINEMEDIA, LLC
a Delaware limited liability company
("Party B")
Part  1. 	    	 Termination Provisions.
(a) 	    	 " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v) (Default Under Specified Transaction) 	    	 None.
Section 5(a)(vi) (Cross Default) 	    	 None Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy) 	    	 None Section 5(b)(v) (Credit Event Upon Merger) 	    	 None and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v) (Default Under Specified Transaction) 	    	 National CineMedia, Inc.
Section 5(a)(vi) (Cross Default) 	    	 None Section 5(a)(vii) (Bankruptcy) 	    	 None Section 5(b)(v) (Credit Event Upon Merger) 	    	 None
(b) 	 " Specified Transaction" shall have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement with the addition of the words "credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell back transaction" after the word "currency option" in the eighth line..
(c) 	 " Cross Default" applies to Party A and Party B; provided, however, that notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur under either clauses (1) or (2) of Section 5(a)(vi) if (a) the default, event of default or other similar condition or event referred to in such clause (1) or the default referred to in such clause (2) is a failure to pay caused solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; and (b) funds were available to such party, Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party, as the case may be, to enable it to make the relevant payment when due; and (c) such relevant payment is made within three Local Business Days of receipt of written notice from an interested party of such failure to pay.
" Specified Indebtedness" has the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement, except that with respect to Party A, indebtedness or obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of the banking business of such party shall not constitute Specified Indebtedness and with respect to Party B, "Specified Indebtedness" shall include, without limitation, the obligations of Party B under that certain Credit Agreement dated as of February 13, 2007, made by and between Party B, Lehman Brothers Inc. and J.P.
Morgan Securities, Inc., as Arrangers, Credit Suisse (USA) LLC and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Co-Documentation Agents, Lehman Commercial Paper Inc., as Administrative Agent, and the other Lenders party thereto, as the same may be amended, modified, supplemented or replaced from time to time (the " Credit Agreement") (and to which other lenders, borrowers or other persons may be or become party).
" Threshold Amount" means, (1) with respect to Party A, an amount equal to three percent (3%) of its shareholders' equity, determined in accordance with generally acceptable accounting principles in Party A's jurisdiction of incorporation or organization as at the end of Party A's most recently completed fiscal year, and (2) with respect to Party B, $25,000,000.
(d) " Credit Event Upon Merger" applies to Party A and Party B. Section 5(b)(iv) of the Agreement is replaced with the following:
"The term "Credit Event Upon Merger " shall mean that a Designated Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to a party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party (in each case, "X") and such Designated Event does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii) of this Agreement and the creditworthiness of X or, if applicable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of X, after taking into account any applicable Credit Support Document, is, in the reasonable opinion of the other party, materially weaker immediately after the occurrence of such Designated Event than that of X immediately prior to the occurrence of such Designated Event (and, in any such event, such party or its successor, surviving or transferee entity, as appropriate, will be the Affected Party).
A "Designated Event " with respect to X means that:
(i) 	 X consolidates or amalgamates with or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets (or any substantial part of the assets comprising the business conducted by X as of the date of this Agreement) to, or reorganizes, reincorporates or reconstitutes into or as, another entity; or
(ii) 	 any person or related group of persons or entity acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of (A) equity securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors (or its equivalent) of X or (B) any other ownership interest enabling it to exercise control of X; or
(iii) 	 X effects any substantial change in its capital structure by means of the issuance, incurrence or guarantee of debt or the issuance of (A) preferred stock or other securities convertible into, or exchangeable for, debt or preferred stock; or (B) in the case of entities other than corporations, any other form of ownership interest.
(e) 	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) of this Agreement will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) 	 " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars ("USD").
(g) 	 Payments on Early Termination. For the purpose of Section 6(e):
(i) 	 Market Quotation will apply.
(ii) 	 The Second Method will apply.
(h) 	 Additional Termination Event. The following will constitute an Additional Termination Event, where Party B shall be the Affected Party and all Transactions shall be Affected Transactions:
(i) 	 Party A as a Secured Party.(1) Party B's obligations to Party A under the Agreement fail to be secured by a valid and perfected lien on and security interest in the Collateral on a pari passu basis with the Lender under the Credit Agreement, (2) all or substantially all of the Collateral is released from the liens of the relevant Loan Documents without the prior written consent of Party A, (3) (A) the liabilities of any Credit Support Provider of Party B in respect of its guarantee obligations under the relevant Loan Documents are terminated without the prior written consent of Party A or (B) any Credit Support Provider of Party B is released from its guarantee obligations under the relevant Loan Documents without the prior written consent of Party A, (4) the obligations or liabilities of Party B or any of its Credit Support Providers under this Agreement and the Party B CSD are deemed subordinate to or junior in right or priority of payment to any of the Loans under the Loan Documents (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if there are multiple tranches of Loans, the most senior tranche), (5) Party B or any of its Credit Support Providers takes any action, including but not limited to actions relating to the release of all or substantially all of the Collateral, that render its obligations or liabilities under this Agreement or the Party B CSD as unsecured indebtedness; or (6) the obligations and liabilities of Party B and its Credit Support Providers under this Agreement and the relevant Party B CSD cease to constitute the obligations of the Loan Parties or cease to rank pari passu with and equal in right and priority of payment with the Loans under the Loan Documents (and, for the avoidance of doubt, if there are multiple tranches of Loans, the most senior tranche); each event specified in clauses (1) through (6) above shall be specified a "Collateralization Event "); provided that such Collateralization Event shall not be an Additional Termination Event if an ISDA Credit Support Annex (the "CSA "): (i) is agreed to by Party A and Party B on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to Party A and (ii) is executed and delivered between Party A and Party B at least 1 day prior to the Collateralization Event.
(ii) 	 Cancellation of Facility. The Credit Agreement is accelerated, terminated or ceases to exist (for whatever reason, whether or not the loans are refinanced or subject to any successor exit financing) or is replaced by another credit facility; provided, however, it shall not constitute an Additional Termination Event if, the terms of any such successor or replacement credit facility regarding hedge security and collateral are substantially similar to the terms of the Credit Agreement regarding hedge security and collateral or are otherwise acceptable to Party A in its reasonable discretion.
(iii) 	 Prepayments. Party B shall voluntarily prepays or is required to prepay all or a portion of the loans under the Credit Agreement, the effect of which would cause the aggregate Notional Amount of all Interest Rate Transactions entered into hereunder (the "Aggregate Notional Amount") to exceed the principal balance of such loans, in which case a portion of the Aggregate Notional Amount that exceeds or will exceed the principal balance of such loans, as determined by Party A in its reasonable discretion, shall be deemed to be an Affected Transaction and Party A, upon notice from Party B prior to such prepayment, shall have the right to early terminate such Affected Transactions at least contemporaneously or promptly after with such prepayment of the loans.
The following terms shall have the meanings set forth below for purposes of this Agreement:
"Collateral" means any collateral pledged to the Secured Parties under the Collateral Documents.
"Collateral Documents" means the Credit Agreement and the "Security Documents" as defined in the Credit Agreement.
"Interest Rate Transaction" means any Transaction that is entered into to hedge interest rate risk.
"Lender" means any lender under the Credit Agreement holding the most senior security interest in the Collateral relative to the other Secured Parties.
"Loan" means any loan made by a Lender to a borrower under the Credit Agreement.
"Loan Documents" shall have the meaning as set forth in the Credit Agreement.
"Secured Party" means a secured party under the Collateral Documents.
Part 2.Tax Representations.
(a) 	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, each of Party A and Party B makes the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Sections 2(e) , 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section  3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction(s) of the agreement of the other party contained in _Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii)_ of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section  4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement; and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section  4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section  4(a)(iii) of this Agreement by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A represents that: (i) with respect to payments made to Party B which are not effectively connected to the United States: It is a non-U.S. branch of a foreign person for United States federal income tax purposes, it is fully eligible for the "Business Profits" and "Industrial and Commercial Profits", as the case may be, provisions of the income tax treaty in effect between the United Kingdom and the United States, and no payment received or to be received in connection with this Agreement is attributable to a trade or business carried on through a permanent establishment in the United States, and (ii) with respect to payments made to Party B which are effectively connected to the United States: Each payment received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement will be effectively connected with its conduct of a trade or business in the United States. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party B represents that: it is a limited liability company duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the State of Delaware.
Part 3.Agreement to Deliver Documents.
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(a) 	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered Party A and Party B 	    	 Any form or document accurately completed and in a manner reasonably satisfactory to the other party that may be required or reasonably requested in order to allow the other party to make a payment under a Transaction without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax or with deduction or withholding at a reduced rate, promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party, including, without limitation, an executed United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or Form W-8BEN and/or W-8ECI (or any successor thereto). 	    	 (i) Upon the execution of this Agreement and (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other Party.
(b) 	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to Deliver document 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered  by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	    	 Either (i) a signature booklet containing a secretary's certificate and resolutions ("authorizing resolutions") or (ii) other authority documentation, in either case, which (x) authorizes the party to enter into derivatives transactions of the type contemplated by the parties and (y) is reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the other party. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement and as deemed necessary for any future Transaction. 	    	 Yes
Party required to Deliver document 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A and Party B 	    	 Certified copies of documents evidencing each party's capacity to execute this Agreement, each Confirmation and any Credit Support Document (if applicable) and to perform its obligations hereunder and thereunder. 	    	 As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement, and, with respect to a Confirmation, upon the other party's request. 	    	 Yes Party A and Party B 	    	 A copy of the annual report of such party containing audited consolidated financial statements for each such fiscal year, certified by independent certified public accountants and prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the country in which such party is organized. 	    	 As soon as practicable after the execution of this Agreement and also within 120 calendar days after the end of each fiscal year while there are any obligations outstanding under this Agreement; provided that the foregoing delivery obligation of Party B shall be deemed to be satisfied for so long as Party A is the Administrative Agent under the Credit Agreement or is a Lender under the Credit Agreement. 	    	 Yes Party B 	    	 Copy of Party B's most recent, publicly available quarterly report containing unaudited financial statements. 	    	 Where such financial statement is not reasonably publicly available on EDGAR or Party B's internet home page, promptly upon reasonable request and in any event no later than 50 days after the end of the relevant fiscal quarterly period. 	    	 Yes Party B 	    	 (a) Notice of (i) any default, acceleration or prepayment under the Credit Agreement, (ii) any proposed voluntary or mandatory prepayment under or refinancing of the Credit Agreement, and (iii) any amendment, waiver, consent, and any other vote of the lenders under the Credit Agreement or Collateral Documents 	    	 At any time Party A or its affiliate is not a Lender, promptly (and in any event, not later that the time specified for provision of such information to Lenders.) 	    	 Yes
Part 4.Miscellaneous.
(a) Addresses for Notices. Notices should be sent to the address of the relevant branch set out in the relevant Confirmation (as may be amended from time to time), provided that in the case of notices or communications relating to Section 5, 6, 7, 11 or 13, such notices should be sent to
(i) 	 Address for notices or communications to Party A:
Address: 	    	 Barclays Bank PLC c/o Barclays Capital Legal Department 745 Seventh Avenue New York, NY 10019, United States Attention: 	    	 General Counsel Facsimile No.: 	    	 \+ 1 (212) 412-3544 Telephone No.: 	    	 +1 (212) 412-7519
(ii) 	 Address for notices or communications to Party B:
National CineMedia, LLC
9110 East Nichols Avenue, Suite 200
Centennial, CO 80112-3405
Attention: Gary Ferrera and David Oddo
Telecopy: 303-792-8668
Telephone: 303-792-3600
With a copy to:
Ralph E. Hardy, General Counsel
Telecopy: 303-792-8649
Telephone: 303-792-3600
(b) 	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
(i) 	 Party B does not appoint a Process Agent.
(ii) 	 Party B does not appoint a Process Agent.
(c) 	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) of this Agreement will apply to Party A and to Party B.
(d) 	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:
Party A is a Multibranch Party and may act through its London and New York, offices.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	 " Calculation Agent" means Party A. All calculations and determinations made by the Calculation Agent shall be made in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner; provided however, where Party B, in good faith, disputes any determination or calculation, then if, within three Local Business Days following the date on which Party A as the Calculation Agent notifies Party B of its determination or calculation, Party B notifies Party A in writing of its dispute, setting forth an explanation of the dispute and, if available, Party B's proposed alternative calculation or determination, then Party A shall make available to Party B such information used by Party A to make any calculation or determination under this Agreement as may be reasonably necessary (or otherwise in compliance with Party A's policies) in order to enable the Party B to independently confirm the accuracy of such calculation or determination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA") that may be incorporated by reference into this Agreement or any Transaction entered into hereunder, Party B shall have the right to challenge the calculations for errors, manifest or otherwise. Party B shall either confirm agreement with or object to such calculation or determination within three Local Business Days of receipt of the information, and if Party B disputes the amount calculated as being due and deliverable on any Payment Date, any undisputed amount shall be paid or delivered on the relevant Payment Date pursuant to the relevant Confirmation. The parties shall endeavor to resolve any disputed amount in good faith. If the parties are unable to resolve such dispute within three Local Business Days after receipt of the information the parties shall mutually select a dealer that would qualify as a Reference Market-maker to resolve the dispute in a timely manner, which resolution shall be final and binding absent manifest error.
(f) 	 " Credit Support Document" means, for Party A: None.; and, in the case of Party B, any credit support annex, any Confirmation and any other document, any of which by its terms secures, guarantees or otherwise supports such party's obligations under this Agreement, including, but not limited to, the Credit Agreement and the Collateral Documents, including but not limited to that certain Guarantee and Collateral Agreement and the Mortgages (as such terms are defined in the Credit Agreement) (collectively, the " Party B CSD").
(g) 	 " Credit Support Provider" means in relation to Party A: None.
" Credit Support Provider" means in relation to Party B: Any party executing or delivering any Party B CSD.
(h) 	 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. Sections 13(a) and (b) of the Agreement shall be deleted and replaced with the following:
"(a) Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine other than Sect. 5-1401 of the NY General Obligation Law).
(b) Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to any dispute arising out of or in connection with this Agreement ("Proceedings"), each party:
(i) irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City of the State of New York; and
(ii) waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party."
(i) 	 Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in respect of any Proceedings relating to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document.
(j) 	 Netting of Payments. Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) of this Agreement will apply to all Transactions under this Agreement.
(k) 	 " Affiliate" has the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement..
(l) 	 Absence of Litigation. For the purpose of Section 3(c) of this Agreement, "Affiliates" shall mean (i) National CineMedia, Inc. only, in relation to Party B.
(m) 	 Additional Representation will apply. For the purpose of Section 3 of this Agreement the following Section 3(h) will constitute an Additional Representation:
"(h) Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(1) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(2) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(3) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction."
(i) Non-Agency. It is entering into this Agreement, any Credit Support Document to which it is a party, each Transaction and any other documentation relating to this Agreement or any Transaction as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise).
(n) 	 Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) agrees to notify and consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction, (ii) waives any further notice of such monitoring or recording, and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
(o) 	 Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation of the financial condition of the relevant person."
Part 5.Other Provisions.
(a) 	 Additional Representations. In addition to the provisions addressed above in Part 4 of the Schedule, Section 3 of this Agreement is hereby amended by adding at the end thereof the following sub-paragraphs:
"(i) Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "Eligible Contract Participant" as defined in Section 1(a)(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.
(j) Non-ERISA Representation. It continuously represents that it is not
(i) an employee benefit plan (hereinafter an "ERISA Plan"), as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), subject to Title I of ERISA or a plan subject to Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or subject to any other statute, regulation, procedure or restriction that is materially similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans"), (ii) a person any of the assets of whom constitute assets of a Plan, or (iii) in connection with any Transaction under this Agreement, a person acting on behalf of a Plan, or using the assets of a Plan. It will provide notice to the other party in the event that it is aware that it is in breach of any aspect of this representation or is aware that with the passing of time, giving of notice or expiry of any applicable grace period it will breach this representation."
(b) Set-Off. . (i) In addition to any rights of set-off a party may have as a matter of law or otherwise, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default with respect to Party ("X") hereof (or a provision analogous thereto) or where there is one Affected Party in the case where either a Credit Event Upon Merger has occurred, or any Additional Termination Event where X is the sole Affected Party, the other party ("Y") shall have the right (but shall not be obliged) without prior notice to X or any other person to set off any obligation of X owing to Y or any Affiliate of Y (whether or not arising under this Agreement, whether or not matured, whether or not contingent and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation) against any obligations of Y or any Affiliate of Y owing to X (whether or not arising under this Agreement, whether or not matured, whether or not contingent and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation).
(ii) For the purpose of cross-currency set off, Y may convert any obligation to another currency at a market rate determined by Y.
(iii) If any obligation is unascertained, Y may in good faith estimate that obligation and set off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained.
(iv) Nothing in this paragraph will have the effect of creating a charge or other security interest. This paragraph shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise)."
(c) 	 Procedures for Entering Into Transactions. Party A will deliver to Party B a Confirmation relating to each Transaction.
(d) 	 Certain Defined Terms and Representations. Party B represents and warrants to Party A at all times until the termination of this Agreement that (i) this Agreement and each Transaction is a Specified Hedge Agreement that is permitted under the Credit Agreement and is also permitted under its other contractual obligations, (ii) this Agreement and each Transaction are Obligations (as defined in the Credit Agreement and Collateral Documents) and (iii) the obligations of Party B to Party A with respect to this Agreement and each Transaction are secured under, and in accordance with, the terms of the Credit Agreement and Collateral Documents rank at least pari passu and equal in right and priority of payment and liquidation with the Loans under the Loan Documents (and, to the extent the Loans consist of multiple tranches, the most senior tranche thereof).
(e) 	 Incorporation by Reference of Terms of Credit Agreement. The covenants, terms and provisions of, including all representations and warranties of Party B contained in Section 7 and 8 of Credit Agreement (together with the relevant provisions of any other Section or Sections to which they refer, including definitions), as in effect as of the date of this Agreement, are hereby incorporated by reference in, and made part of, this Agreement to the same extent as if such covenants, terms, and provisions were set forth in full herein. Party B hereby agrees that, during the period commencing with the date of this Agreement through and including such date on which all of Party B's obligations under this Agreement are fully performed, Party B will (a) observe, perform, and fulfill each and every such covenant, term, and provision applicable to Party B, as such covenants, terms, and provisions, may be amended from time to time after the date of this Agreement with the consent of Party A. In the event the Credit Agreement terminates or becomes no longer binding on Party B prior to the termination of this Agreement, such covenants, terms, and provisions (other than those requiring payments in respect of amounts owed under the Credit Agreement) will remain in force and effect for purposes of this Agreement as though set forth in full herein until the date on which all of Party B's obligations under this Agreement are fully performed, and this Agreement is terminated.
Any failure of Party B to comply with the covenants, terms and provisions of Credit Agreement that are incorporated by reference herein pursuant to the immediately above paragraph shall constitute an Event of Default with respect to Party B under this Agreement; provided that (1) any such failure shall not be an Event of Default hereunder if a CSA (x) is agreed to by Party A and Party B on terms and conditions reasonably satisfactory to Party A and (y) is executed and delivered between Party A and Party B within 10 days after notice by Party A to Party B of any such failure, and (2) the incorporation of the covenants, terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement pursuant to the immediately above paragraph shall not apply at any time when the mark-to- market threshold ("MTM Threshold") of the outstanding Transaction(s) hereunder is less than five million dollars ($5,000,000) as determined by Party A in its reasonable discretion. This MTM Threshold shall not apply and Party A shall have the right to declare and Event of Default under this Agreement where Party B has failed to seek the consent of Party A to an amendment to such covenant, terms and provisions as provided for in this provision and such amendment has a material adverse impact on Party A, as determined by Party A in its reasonable discretion.
To the extent that this part 5 (e) is inconsistent with other terms of this Agreement, including the incorporation of covenants, terms and provisions of Sections 7 and 8 of the Credit Agreement, Party A shall not be deemed to have waived any rights hereunder by virtue of such inconsistency.
(f) 	 Form of Agreement. The parties hereby agree that the text of the body of the Agreement is intended to be the printed form of 1992 ISDA Master Agreement as published and copyrighted by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
(g) 	 Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction in respect of any Transaction shall, as to such Transaction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of the Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision as to any other jurisdiction or Transaction; provided, however, that nothing in this provision shall adversely affect the rights of each party under the Agreement; and provided further that this severability provision shall not be applicable if any provision of Section 1, 2, 5, 6, or 13 (or any definition or provision in Section 14 to the extent it relates to, or is used in or connection with any such Section) shall be so held to be invalid or unenforceable. The parties hereto shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited or unenforceable provision with a valid provision, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited or unenforceable provision. The remaining terms, provisions, covenants, and conditions hereof shall continue in full force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with the invalid or unenforceable portion eliminated, so long as this Agreement as so modified continues to express, without material change, the original intentions of the parties as to the subject matter of this Agreement and the deletion of such portion of this Agreement will not substantially impair the respective benefits or expectations of the parties to this Agreement.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Schedule by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof.
BARCLAYS BANK PLC 	   	  	   	 NATIONAL CINEMEDIA, LLC By: 	   	  /s/ Ana M. Soriano 	   	  	   	 By: 	   	 National Cinemedia, Inc., its Manager Name: 	   	 Ana M. Soriano 	   	  	   	 By: 	   	  /s/ Gary W. Ferrera Title: 	   	 Director 	   	  	   	 Name: 	   	 Gary W. Ferrera Date: 	   	  	   	 Title: 	   	 EVP/CFO Date: April 7, 2010
