SCHEDULE
to the
Master Agreement
dated as of October 27, 2008
between
and BRANCH BANKING AND TRUST COMPANY 	   	  	    	  ROANOKE GAS COMPANY ("Party A") 	   	  	    	 ("Party B")
Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a) 	 " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), none
Section 5(a)(vi), none
Section 5(a)(vii), none
Section 5(b)(ii), none
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), any Affiliate of Party B
Section 5(a)(vi), any Affiliate of Party B
Section 5(a)(vii), any Affiliate of Party B
Section 5(b)(ii), any Affiliate of Party B
(b) 	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 12 of this Agreement unless another meaning is specified here: no other meaning is specified.
(c) 	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will not apply to Party A and will apply to Party B.
With respect to Party B, "Cross Default" is amended by inserting the following at the end of Section 5(a)(vi): "or (3) any default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) under any Financial Agreement (as described in the Schedule).
17 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
If such provisions apply, " Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 12 of this Agreement unless another meaning is specified here: no other meaning is specified.
" Threshold Amount" means with respect to Party A, not applicable.
Threshold Amount means with respect to Party B: $0.
(d) 	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(ii) will not apply to Party A and will apply to Party B.
(e) 	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) 	 " Payments on Early Termination". For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement:
(i) 	 Market Quotation method will apply.
(ii) 	 the Second Method will apply.
(g) 	 " Additional Termination Event" will apply. The following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event: If Party A, for any reason, ceases to be a party to the Credit Support Documents described in Part 4(c) of this Schedule. For the purpose of foregoing Termination Event, the Affected Party shall be Party B.
Part 2. Tax Provisions
(a) 	 Tax Representations.
(i) 	 Party A represents at all times hereunder that (A) it is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of North Carolina, and (B) it is a United States resident for United States federal income tax purposes.
(ii) 	 Party B represents at all times hereunder that (A) it is organized or formed under the laws of a state within the United States, and (B) it is (or, if Party B is disregarded for United States federal income tax purposes, its beneficial owner is) a United States resident for United States federal income tax purposes.
(b) 	 Tax Forms.
(i) 	 Each party agrees to deliver to the other party the tax forms specified below with respect to it at the following times: before the first Payment Date under this Agreement, promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party; and promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the party has become obsolete or incorrect.
(A) 	 Tax forms to be delivered by Party A: None specified.
(B) 	 Tax forms to be delivered by Party B:
A correct, complete and duly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto) that eliminates U.S. federal backup withholding tax on payments to Party B under this Agreement.
18 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
(ii) 	 In addition, each party agrees to deliver to the other party, upon reasonable demand by such other party, any other tax form that may be required or reasonably requested in writing in order to allow such other party to make a payment under this Agreement (or under any Credit Support Document) without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any tax imposed by any government or other taxing authority in respect of any such payment (other than a stamp, registration, documentation or similar tax), or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate, which form shall be correct, complete and duly executed.
(C) 	 Withholding Tax Liability. A breach of a representation under paragraph (a) above, or a failure to deliver a required tax form in accordance with paragraph (b) above, by a party hereunder (the "defaulting payee") may result in a tax liability on the part of the other party (the "payor"), as required by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, for withholding or backup withholding on any payment by the payor to the defaulting payee under this Agreement (or under any Credit Support Document), including a liability to remit to the U.S. Treasury Department the required amount of withholding and to pay interest and penalties to the U.S. Treasury Department for amounts not withheld.
Accordingly, if any such breach or failure by the defaulting payee results in any such tax liability, then (i) any amount so withheld and remitted to the U.S. Treasury Department shall discharge the payor's obligation under this Agreement (or under any Credit Support Document) to pay to the defaulting payee the portion of any payment so withheld and remitted (with the payor having no obligation to "gross up" any of its payments for such withheld amounts), and (ii) if any tax liability resulting from the defaulting payee's breach or failure is assessed directly against the payor in respect of any amounts not withheld, the defaulting payee shall indemnify the payor on demand for the amount of such tax liability (including interest and penalties).
However, any such breach or failure by the defaulting payee shall not be an "Event of Default" or a "Potential Event of Default" under this Agreement unless the defaulting payee fails to so indemnify the payor.
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents.
For the purpose of Section 4(a) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
Party required to deliver document 	   	  Form/Document/Certificate 	   	  Date by which to be delivered 	   	  Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party B 	   	 Certified copy of [Board Resolutions/Action by directors/ partners/members/managers] authorizing this agreement 	   	 Upon execution of this agreement 	   	 Yes Party B 	   	 Incumbency Certificates certifying names, signatures and authority of [officers/partners/members/managers] signing this agreement 	   	 Upon execution of this agreement 	   	 Yes Parties A&B 	   	 Any form or certificate reasonably requested by either Party 	   	 Upon request 	   	 Yes Party B 	   	 Credit Support Document 	   	 Upon execution of this agreement 	   	 Yes
19 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
Part 4. Miscellaneous.
(a) 	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 10(a) of this Agreement, all notices to a party shall, with respect to any particular Transaction, be sent to its address, telex number or facsimile number specified in the relevant Confirmation (or as specified below if not specified in the relevant Confirmation), provided that any notice under Section 5 or 6 of this Agreement, and any notice under this Agreement not related to a particular Transaction, shall be sent to a party at its address specified below:
To Party A:
Address: 	   	  200 West 2 nd Street 17tb Floor Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Attention: 	   	 R. Kevin Randal Facsimile No.: 	   	 (336)  733-2883 Telephone No.: (336) 733-2853 Electronic Messaging System Details: 	   	 rrandal@bbandt.com Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	   	  PO Box 13007 Roanoke, 24030 Attention: 	   	 John Williamson III, Facsimile No.: 	   	 540-777-2636 Telephone No.: 540-777-3842 Electronic Messaging System Details: 	   	 howard_Lyon@rgcresources.com
(b) 	 " Calculation Agent." The Calculation Agent is Party A, unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction.
(c) 	 " Credit Support Document." In relation to Party B, means any guarantee, security agreement, mortgage, deed of trust, pledge agreement, credit agreement, or any other agreement or document currently in effect or entered into in the future, that by its terms guarantees, secures, collateralizes or otherwise supports the performance of any of Party B's obligations to Party A under this Agreement (the "Obligations").
(d) 	 " Credit Support Provider" Any individual or entity named or specified in a Credit Support Document who is obligated to secure, collateralize, guarantee or otherwise support Party B's performance of its Obligations.
(e) 	 " Governing Law." This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to the conflict of laws provisions thereof).
(f) 	 " Netting of Payments." Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) of this Agreement will not apply to the following Transactions or groups of Transactions (in each case starting from the date of this Agreement): No Transactions specified.
(g) 	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 12 of this Agreement unless another meaning is specified here: no other meaning is specified.
Part 5. Other Provisions.
(a) 	 Confirmations. Upon receipt thereof, Party B shall examine the terms of each Confirmation sent by Party A, and unless Party B objects to the terms within two (2) Business Days after receipt of that Confirmation, those terms shall be deemed accepted and correct absent manifest error, in which case that Confirmation will be sufficient to form a binding supplement to this Agreement notwithstanding Section 8(e)(ii) of this Agreement. Failure by Party A to send a Confirmation or of Party B to respond within such period shall not affect the validity or enforceability of such Transaction.
(b) 	 Default Rate. In the event there is a definition of "Default Rate" in a Financial Agreement, then Default Rate as defined in Part 12 of this Agreement is replaced by the definition of "Default Rate" in such Financial Agreement (and if there is more than one such definition, the Default Rate shall be the greater of such rates so long as such rate does not violate applicable law). Such definition of "Default Rate" shall remain in effect notwithstanding the satisfaction of any obligation or promise to pay money under such Financial Agreement or termination or cancellation of such Financial Agreement.
20 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
(c) 	 Right of Offset. In addition to any other rights of offset set forth in the Agreement, in the event of any occurrence or designation of an Early Termination Date which results in any positive value to this Agreement or any such Transaction which would otherwise be payable to Party B, Party A shall have the right, at its sole option and election, and, without exclusion to any of its other remedies, to apply all or any part of any such positive value resulting from the occurrence or designation of an Early Termination Date to Party B's obligations and liabilities under this Agreement and under any of the Credit Support Documents, as Party A desires in its sole and absolute discretion.
(d) 	 Recording. Each party and any of its Affiliates may electronically record any of its telephone conversations of its trading and marketing personnel with the other party or with any of the other party's Affiliates' trading or marketing personnel in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction (or any potential Transaction), and any such recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceeding to establish any matters pertinent to this Agreement or any Transaction (or any potential Transaction).
(e) 	 Obligations Secured. Party B hereby acknowledges and agrees that its obligations and liabilities in respect of this Agreement are secured by the real and personal property collateral provided by Party B pursuant to the Credit Support Documents referred to in Part 4(c) of the Schedule to this Agreement.
(f) 	 Additional Representations of Party B. For purposes only of representations of or by Party B made in and deemed repeated pursuant to Section 3 of the Agreement, Section 3 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding additional subparagraphs to said Section 3, which subparagraphs shall be lettered (e), (f), (g), (h), (i) and (j), respectively, and shall read as follows:
"(e) Non-Reliance. For any Relevant Agreement: (i) it acts as principal and not as agent, (ii) it acknowledges that the other party acts only at arm's length and is not its agent, broker, advisor or fiduciary in any respect, and any agency, brokerage, advisory or fiduciary services that the other party (or any of its affiliates) may otherwise provide to the party (or to any of its affiliates) excludes the Relevant Agreement, (iii) it is relying solely upon its own evaluation of the Relevant Agreement (including the present and future results, consequences, risks, and benefits thereof, whether financial, accounting, tax, legal, or otherwise) and upon advice from its own professional advisors, (iv) it understands the Relevant Agreement and those risks, has determined they are appropriate for it, and willingly assumes those risks, and (v) it has not relied and will not be relying upon any evaluation or advice (including any recommendation, opinion, or representation) from the other party, its affiliates or the representatives or advisors of the other party or its affiliates (except representations expressly made in the Relevant Agreement or an opinion of counsel required thereunder).
"Relevant Agreement" means this Agreement, each Transaction, each Confirmation, any Credit Support Document, and any agreement (including any amendment, modification, transfer or early termination) between the parties relating to any of the foregoing.
"(f) Evaluation and Understanding. Each party is capable of evaluating and understanding the structure, terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction.
It is also capable of assuming and assumes the financial and other miscellaneous risks of the transaction."
"(g) ERISA. It is not (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), or a plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or a plan as so defined but which is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but is subject to another law materially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of which, an "ERISA Plan"), (ii) a person or entity acting on behalf of an ERISA Plan, or (iii) a person or entity the assets of which constitute assets of an ERISA Plan."
"(h) Line of Business. Party B has entered into this Agreement (including each Transaction evidenced hereby) in conjunction with its line of business or the financing of its business."
21 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
"(i) Eligible Contract Participant. Party B is an "eligible contract participant" as defined by Section 1a(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1a), as amended by the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000.
"(j) Swap Agreement. This Agreement, any Credit Support Document to which Party B is a party, and each Transaction and related Confirmation constitutes a "swap agreement" within the meaning of the Part 35 Regulations of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission."
(g) 	 Additional Agreement of Party B. For purposes only of the agreements and covenants to be performed and observed by Party B pursuant to and in accordance with the provisions of the Agreement, Section 4 of the Agreement is hereby amended by adding an additional subparagraph thereto, which subparagraph shall be lettered (d) and shall read as follows:
"(d) Covenants of Financial Agreements.
(i) Party B shall provide Party A at all times hereunder with the same covenant protection as Party A (or any Affiliate of Party A) requires of Party B under Financial Agreements. Therefore, in addition to the Cross Default provisions of this Agreement, and notwithstanding the satisfaction of any obligation or promise to pay money to Party A (or any Affiliate of Party A) under any Financial Agreement, or the termination or cancellation of any Financial Agreement, Party B hereby agrees to perform, comply with and observe for the benefit of Party A hereunder all affirmative and negative covenants contained in each Financial Agreement applicable to Party B (excluding any obligation or promise to pay money under any Financial Agreement) at any time Party B has any obligation (whether absolute or contingent) under this Agreement.
(ii) For purposes hereof: (A) the affirmative and negative covenants of each Financial Agreement applicable to Party B (together with related definitions and ancillary provisions, but in any event excluding any obligation or promise to pay money under any Financial Agreement) are incorporated (and upon execution of any future Financial Agreement, shall automatically be incorporated) by reference herein (mutatis mutandis); (B) if other lenders or creditors are parties to any Financial Agreement, then references therein to the lenders or creditors shall be deemed references to Party A; and (C) for any covenant applying only when any loan, other extension of credit, obligation or commitment under the Financial Agreement is outstanding, that covenant shall be deemed to apply hereunder at any time Party B has any obligation (whether absolute or contingent) under this Agreement.
(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the incorporation herein of any provision by reference from any Financial Agreement would result in the violation of Party B of the terms of that Financial Agreement or be in violation of any law, rule or regulation (as interpreted by any court of competent jurisdiction), then this Agreement shall not incorporate that provision.
"Financial Agreement" means each existing or future agreement or instrument relating to any loan or extension of credit from Party A (or any Affiliate of Party A) to Party B (whether or not anyone else is a party thereto) including, without limitation, the Credit Support Documents, as the same exists when executed and without regard to: (i) any termination or cancellation thereof or Party A ceasing to be a party, thereto (whether as a result of repayment thereof or otherwise), or (ii) or unless consented to in writing by Party A (or such Affiliate of Party A as may be party to such Financial Agreement), any amendment, modification, addition, waiver or consent thereto or thereof.
(h) 	 Change of Account. Any account designated by a party pursuant to Section 2(b) shall be in the same legal and tax jurisdiction as the original account, or shall not otherwise result in any withholding or other taxes under this Agreement or any Transaction.
22 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
(i) 	 Waiver of Right to Trial by Jury. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHTS TO TRIAL BY JURY WITH RESPECT TO ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.
(j) 	 Scope of Agreement. Any Specified Transaction now existing or hereafter entered into between the parties (whether or not evidenced by a Confirmation) which constitutes (i) a swap, cap, collar, floor or option on interest rates in which the transaction is denominated U.S. Dollars, (ii) any other interest rate derivatives transaction denominated in U.S. Dollars, (iii) any option on or with respect to any of the foregoing, or (iv) any combination of any of the foregoing, shall constitute a "Transaction" under this Agreement and shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless the confirming document(s) for that Specified Transaction provide(s) otherwise. For any such Specified Transaction not evidenced by a Confirmation, Section 2(a)(i) of this Agreement is amended to read as follows: "(i) Each party will make each payment or delivery to be made by it under each Transaction, as specified in each Confirmation (or otherwise in accordance with the terms of that Transaction if not evidenced by a Confirmation), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement." In addition, any Specified Transaction between the parties evidenced by a Confirmation that by its terms specifies that it is subject to or governed by this Agreement (or an ISDA Master Agreement between the parties), whether entered into before, on or after the date of this Agreement, shall constitute a Transaction under this Agreement and shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.
(k) 	 Transfer. Notwithstanding anything contained in Section 7 of this Agreement, if Party A's rights in any loan or extension of credit under any Financial Agreement are sold, assigned or otherwise transferred to any purchaser, assignee or transferee to which Party A may lawfully make such sale, assignment or transfer, then Party A may transfer without recourse its rights and obligations in or under this Agreement (and any Credit Support Document) to any such purchaser, assignee or transferee, provided that Party B is provided with written notice of such transfer and a written acknowledgement of the purchaser, assignee or transferee stating that it has acquired such rights and obligations of Party A and is bound by the terms of this Agreement (and any Credit Support Document) as Party A's successor hereunder (and thereunder).
23 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
(l) 	 Independent Obligations. (i) Although Party B may be entering into one or more Transactions under this Agreement to hedge against the interest expense of, or other risk associated with, an existing or future loan or other financing, this Agreement and each Transaction shall be an independent obligation of Party B separate and apart from any such loan or other financing, and therefore: (A) each party's obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction shall not be contingent on whether any loan or other financing closes, is outstanding or is repaid, in whole or in part, at any time; (B) subject to paragraph (ii) below, any repayment, acceleration, satisfaction, discharge or release of, and any amendment, modification or waiver with respect to, any loan or other financing, whether in whole or in part, at any time, shall not in any way affect this Agreement, any Transaction or either party's obligations under this Agreement or any Transaction; (C) payments that become due under this Agreement or any Transaction shall be due whether or not (1) the Notional Amount of any Transaction at any time is different from the principal amount of any loan or other financing, (2) the Termination Date of any Transaction occurs before or after the maturity date of any loan or other financing, or (3) any other terms of any loan or other financing are different from the terms of this Agreement or any Transaction; (D) nothing in this Agreement or in any Confirmation is intended to be, nor shall anything herein or therein be construed as, a prepayment penalty, charge or premium for purposes of any loan or other financing, nor shall any terms of any loan or other financing be deemed a waiver of or otherwise impair any amount due or that may become due under this Agreement or under any Transaction; (E) if Party B at any time receives from Party A (or any of its affiliates) any payoff statement or other written statement regarding any loan or other financing, nothing in such statement shall be deemed to apply to this Agreement or any Transaction except as otherwise expressly provided in that statement and then only to the extent so provided; and (F) if at any time any existing or future collateral or other credit support secures or otherwise supports both this Agreement (or any Transaction hereunder) and any loan or other financing (whether this Agreement or any Transaction hereunder is specifically identified in the collateral or credit support documents, or instead is referred to therein generically), then such collateral or other credit support shall continue to secure or otherwise support Party B's obligations under this Agreement (or any Transaction hereunder) until such time as all such obligations of Party B are completely satisfied notwithstanding any repayment, acceleration, satisfaction, discharge or release of any such loan or other financing.
(ii) Nothing in paragraph (i) above shall be construed as impairing or limiting: any set-off rights; any cross default, credit support default or other provisions contained in this Agreement or any Confirmation to the extent such provisions refer to any repayment or acceleration of any loan or other financing; any rights or obligations under any Credit Support Documents; or any obligations of Party B under any covenant incorporated in this Schedule by reference from any loan or other financing (provided that any amendment, modification or waiver executed and delivered by Party A in writing with respect to any such covenant shall be deemed to apply hereunder to that covenant as so incorporated unless otherwise expressly provided in such writing).
(m) 	 Notice by Facsimile Transmission. Section 10(a) is hereby amended by deleting the parenthetical "(except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by facsimile transmission or electronic messaging system)".
24 	   	 ISDA ® 1992 Second Printing
