SCHEDULE
TO THE
MASTER AGREEMENT
DATED AS OF FEBRUARY 22, 2005
between
GREENWICH CAPITAL DERIVATIVES, INC.,
A corporation organized under the laws of Delaware
( "Party A")
and
NOVASTAR MORTGAGE SUPPLEMENTAL INTEREST TRUST, SERIES 2005-1,
a New York common law trust
( "Party B")
PART 1
TERMINATION PROVISIONS
(a) 	 "Specified Entity " means in relation to Party A and Party B: Not Applicable.
(b) 	 Specified Transaction means, Not Applicable.
(c) 	 The "Cross-Default " provisions of Section 5(a)(vi)
will not apply to Party A.
will not apply to Party B.
(d) 	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger " provisions of Section 5(b)(iv)
will not apply to Party A.
will not apply to Party B.
(e) 	 The "Automatic Early Termination " provision of Section 6(a)
will not apply to Party A.
will not apply to Party B.
(f) 	 Payments on Early Termination. For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement :
(i) Market Quotation will apply; and
(ii) Second Method will apply; provided, however, that Party B shall have no obligation to make any payment to Party A under Section 6 as a result of any Event of Default or Termination Event other than an Event of Default of Party B under Section 5(a)(i) of this Agreement. This modification of the terms of Section 6 of this Agreement has been freely bargained for by the parties and will not affect the obligation, if any, of Party B with respect to Unpaid Amounts. Party A acknowledges having received consideration sufficient to warrant its agreement to the approach contemplated in this Part 1(f) provision.
(g) 	 "Termination Currency " means United States Dollars.
(h) 	 Additional Termination Events will apply. Each of the following will be an "Additional Termination Event":
(i) A Rating Event (as defined in Part 1(i) of this Schedule) has occurred and Party A has not fully complied with its obligations under Part 1(i) as and when required therein.
(ii) Standard & Poor's, a division of The McGraw Hill Companies, Inc. (it or its successor, "S&P"), Moody's Investors Service, Inc. (it or its successor, "Moody's") or Fitch, Inc. (it or its successor, "Fitch") withdraws its rating for the short-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt (the "Relevant Obligations") of Party A's Credit Support Provider or reduces its rating for the Relevant Obligations of Party A's Credit Support Provider to a level below "A-3" by S&P, "P-2" by Moody's or "F2" by Fitch, but an Additional Termination Event under this subparagraph will not be deemed to have occurred if Party A, at its own cost, within five Local Business Days of such event, obtains (A) a replacement ISDA Master Agreement and replacement Confirmations thereunder of each Transaction under this Agreement with an Eligible Substitute Counterparty on the terms of this Agreement and the Confirmations of the Transactions hereunder (together "Substitute Documentation") and (B) a release of the mutual obligations of Party A and Party B under this Agreement, subject to survival of indemnities in respect of tax matters (a "Release"). Party A will be solely responsible for paying any amount charged by an Eligible Substitute Counterparty to provide the Substitute Documentation and enter into the substitute transactions thereunder.
For purposes of this Agreement, "Eligible Substitute Counterparty" means an entity that has (or an entity whose guarantor has) Relevant Obligations rated at levels at least equal to "A-1" by S&P, "P-1" by Moody's and "F1" by Fitch (the "Approved Rating Thresholds") provided (1) the right to designate an Early Termination Date under the Substitute Documentation on the grounds contemplated in Section 5(a)(vii) of this Agreement would be enforceable against that entity (or a receiver, conservator or trustee for it or its property), subject, if applicable, only to such limitations as are provided for in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (the "FDIA"), (2) Party B would, in proceedings of the kinds contemplated in that provision, have an enforceable right to apply any collateral posted by the proposed counterparty to secure its obligations under the proposed replacement agreement without need for leave of court or any other person (subject, if applicable, only to such qualifications as may be relevant under the FDIA), and (3) no withholding taxes would be applicable to payments to be made by or to Party B in respect of payments due under Section 2(a) of the proposed agreement.
For the purposes of the Termination Events (i) and (ii) above, Party A shall be the sole Affected Party.
(i) 	 Rating Event. For the purposes of this Agreement, a Rating Event will occur if the Relevant Obligations of Party A's Credit Support Provider are rated below the applicable Approved Rating Threshold by S&P, Moody's or Fitch. In connection with any Rating Event, Party A will have the obligations indicated below:
(i) Notice. If a Rating Event occurs or if S&P, Moody's or Fitch withdraws its rating of the Relevant Obligations of Party A's Credit Support Provider for any reason, Party A will promptly give notice of the circumstances to Party B and to the rating agencies that at the time are providing ratings for the Certificates (each a "Rating Agency").
(ii) Action after Rating Event. If a Rating Event has occurred but the Relevant Obligations of Party A's Credit Support Provider continue to be rated at or above "A-3" by S&P, "P-2" by Moody's and "F2" by Fitch, within 30 days after the Rating Event, Party A shall either:
(A) cause an Eligible Substitute Counterparty to execute and deliver Substitute Documentation to Party B and execute and deliver to Party B a Release, or
(B) post collateral pursuant to a Credit Support Annex in the form attached hereto as Exhibit I with such modifications as shall be agreed at the time and as are necessary for the Rating Agencies to confirm in writing to Party B that their respective ratings of the Certificates as in existence immediately prior to the Rating Event will be restored or maintained. That Credit Support Annex shall be made a Credit Support Document for Party A pursuant to an amendment to this Agreement acceptable to the Trustee and its counsel (collectively, with the Credit Support Annex, the "Credit Support Documentation").
(iii) Expenses. Party A will, upon demand, pay the reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable fees of counsel) of Party B and the Trustee associated with the alternative actions contemplated in paragraphs (ii) (A) and (ii) (B) above (whether or not they are completed within that period of 30 days) and, if applicable, associated with the preparation (whether or not completed) of Substitute Documentation and a Release pursuant to Part 1(h) of this Schedule, including the reasonable costs and expenses associated with such opinions of counsel as the Trustee may require to confirm that the applicable requirements of Part 1(h) and this Part 1(i) (as applicable) have been satisfied.
(j) 	 Events of Default.
(i) 	 The following Events of Default will not apply to Party A: Section 5(a)(ii), Section 5(a)(iii), Section 5(a)(iv), Section 5(a)(v) and Section 5(a)(viii).
(ii) 	 The following Events of Default will not apply to Party B: Section 5(a)(ii), Section 5(a)(iii), Section 5(a)(iv), Section 5(a)(v) and Section 5(a)(viii). In addition, Section 5(a)(vii) is hereby modified by deleting clause (2).
The foregoing is without prejudice to application to Party A and Party B of the Events of Default in Paragraph 7 of any Credit Support Annex made part of this Agreement pursuant to Part 1(i) of this Schedule and is also without prejudice to the further exclusion in Part 1(c) of this Schedule.
PART 2
TAX REPRESENTATIONS
(a) 	 Payer Tax Representation. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, each party will make with respect to itself the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement; (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement; and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement,
provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on sub-clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(f), each party makes the following representations:
(i) The following representation will apply to Party A:
It is a corporation created or organized in the United States or under the laws of the United States or of any State and its U.S. taxpayer identification number is 06-1367697.
(ii) The following representations will apply to Party B:
NovaStar Mortgage Supplemental Interest Trust, Series 2005-1 is a common law trust and not a foreign trust for United States tax purposes.
PART 3
AGREEMENT TO DELIVER DOCUMENTS
For the purpose of Sections 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
PARTY REQUIRED TO DELIVER DOCUMENT
FORM/DOCUMENT/ CERTIFICATE
DATE BY WHICH TO BE DELIVERED
COVERED BY SECTION 3(d) REPRESENTATION
Party A & B 	    	 Any form or document reasonably requested by the other party to permit payments without (or with minimal) withholding of Tax as specified in Section 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement. 	    	 As soon as practicable after request. 	    	 No Party A & B 	    	 Signing Authority, being evidence of authority, incumbency and specimen signature of each person executing any document on its behalf or on behalf of any Credit Support Provider of such party in connection with this Agreement and any Credit Support Document. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement and, if requested, any Confirmation. 	    	 Yes Party A 	    	 In the case of Party A, the audited annual report of its Credit Support Provider. 	    	 As soon as practicable after request. 	    	 Yes Party A 	    	 Investment Management Agreement between Party A and Greenwich Capital Markets, Inc., dated as of June 22, 2000. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	    	 No Party B 	    	 Executed copies of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (as defined below), the Prospectus Supplement, and such other documents as requested by Party A. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	    	 No Party B 	    	 Any and all proposed and executed amendments to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (as defined below). 	    	 Each (i) the date of distribution to the Certificateholders or (ii) the date of proposal by Party B, as applicable. 	    	 No
Party B 	    	 Such information in connection with the Certificates or the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (as defined below) as Party A may reasonably request. 	    	 As soon as practicable after request. 	    	 No Party A & Party B 	    	 Legal opinions acceptable to the other party in the form and substance to be satisfactory to the other party. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	    	 No Party A 	    	 Legal opinion of Dundas & Wilson C.S. dated September 18, 2001 in respect of Party A's Credit Support Document and reliance letter addressed to Party B dated the date hereof. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	    	 No Party A 	    	 Legal opinion of Clifford Chance dated September 18, 2001 in respect of Party A's Credit Support Document and reliance letter addressed to Party B dated the date hereof. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	    	 No
Party A & B 	    	 Such party's Credit Support Documents (including the Designated Counterparty Form naming Party B as a Designated Counterparty). Party A shall provide the Guarantee to Party B in the form of a copy certified by an authorized officer of Party A, certifying that it is a true, complete and correct copy of the original Guarantee as re-executed by Party A's Credit Support Provider and that Party A's Credit Support Provider has not on or before the date of the certificate published any notice, of a kind contemplated in the Guarantee, providing for revocation of the Guarantee. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	    	 Yes Party A 	    	 Power of Attorney of The Royal Bank of Scotland plc. 	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement. 	    	 No
PART 4
MISCELLANEOUS
(a) 	 Addresses For Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
(i) Notices or communications shall, with respect to a particular Transaction, be sent to the address, telex number or facsimile number reflected in the Confirmation of that Transaction. In addition (or in the event the Confirmation for a Transaction does not provide relevant addresses/information for notice), with respect to notices provided pursuant to Section 5 and 6 of this Agreement, notice shall be provided to:
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
Address: 	    	  600 Steamboat Road Greenwich, CT 06830 Attention: 	    	 Legal Department - Derivatives Documentation Phone No.: 	    	 203-618-2531/32 Facsimile No.: 	    	 203-618-2533/34
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	    	  JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association 4 New York Plaza, 6th Floor New York, NY 10004-2477 Attention: 	    	  Institutional Trust Services/Global Debt (NovaStar Mortgage Supplemental Interest Trust, Series 2005-1) Facsimile No.: 	    	 (212) 623-5932
ii) 	 Notices. Section 12(a) is amended by adding in the third line thereof after the phrase "messaging system" and before the ")" the words "; provided, however, any such notice or other communication may be given by facsimile transmission (it being agreed that the burden of proving receipt will be on the sender and will not be met by a transmission report generated by the sender 's facsimile machine)".
(b) 	 Process Agent. For purposes of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable
(c) 	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	 Multibranch Party. For purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:
Party A is not a Multibranch Party.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	 Calculation Agent. Party A.
(f) 	 Credit Support Documents. Details of any Credit Support Documents:
In the case of Party A, any ISDA Credit Support Annex (New York law) made a part of this Schedule to the extent required in Part 1(i) of this Schedule due to a Ratings Event (as defined in Part 1(i) of this Schedule).
In the case of Party A, the Deed Poll Guarantee dated as of June 21, 2001, by The Royal Bank of Scotland plc (the "Guarantee") in favor of all Designated Counterparties.
In the case of Party B, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement among NovaStar Mortgage Funding Corporation, NovaStar Mortgage, Inc., Wachovia Bank, National Association, and the Trustee dated as of February 1, 2005 (the "Pooling and Servicing Agreement").
For the purposes of this Agreement, the term "Designated Counterparty" shall have the meaning assigned in the Guarantee.
(g) 	 Credit Support Provider means
in relation to Party A: The Royal Bank of Scotland plc; and
in relation to Party B: Not Applicable.
(h) 	 Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK APPLICABLE TO CONTRACTS WHOLLY PERFORMED WITHIN NEW YORK, WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CHOICE OF LAW DOCTRINE.
(i) 	 Netting of Payments. Sub-paragraph (ii) of Section 2(c) of this Agreement will apply to all Transactions hereunder, unless otherwise provided in the relevant Confirmation(s).
(j) 	 "Affiliate " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 but will have no meaning as applied to Party B.
PART 5
OTHER PROVISIONS
(a) ISDA Definitions Incorporated by Reference. The definitions and provisions of the 2000 ISDA Definitions (the "ISDA Definitions") (as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. -- "ISDA") are incorporated by reference herein. Any terms used and not otherwise defined herein which are contained in the ISDA Definitions shall have the meaning set forth therein. In the event of any conflict between the ISDA Definitions and any other ISDA-published definitions referenced in a Confirmation, such Confirmation and the ISDA-published definitions referred to therein shall control for purposes of the particular Transaction. For the avoidance of doubt, any reference to a "Swap Transaction", if any, in the Definitions is deemed to be a reference to a "Transaction" for the purpose of interpreting this Agreement or any Confirmation, and any reference to a "Transaction" in this Agreement or any Confirmation is deemed to be a reference to a "Swap Transaction" for the purpose of interpreting the Definitions.
(b) Condition Precedent. The condition precedent specified in Section 2(a)(iii)(1) of this Agreement does not apply to a payment or delivery owing by a party if the other party shall have satisfied in full all of its payment and delivery obligations under Section 2(a)(i) of this Agreement and shall at the relevant time have no future payment or delivery obligations, whether absolute or contingent, under Section 2(a)(i).
(c) Additional Representations. Section 3 is hereby amended by adding at the end thereof the following subparagraph:
"(g) No Agency. It is entering into this Agreement, any Credit Support Document and any other document relating to this Agreement and each Transaction hereunder as principal and not as agent or in any capacity, fiduciary or otherwise, and no other person has an interest herein."
(d) Swap Exemption. Each party hereto represents to the other party on and as of the date hereof and on each date on which a Transaction is entered into between them hereunder, that it is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended.
(e) Relationship between Parties. In connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, of this Agreement, and any other documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party or that it is required by this Agreement to deliver, each party hereby represents and warrants, and, in connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, and the confirming of the execution of each Transaction, each party will be deemed to represent, to the other party as of the date hereof (or, in connection with any Transaction, as of the date which it enters into such Transaction) that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):
(i) Non-Reliance It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii) Assessment and Understanding It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction. It has determined to its satisfaction whether or not the rates, prices or amounts and other economic terms of each Transaction and the indicative quotations (if any) provided by the other party reflect those in the relevant market for similar transactions, and all trading decisions have been the result of arm's length negotiations between the parties.
(iii) Status of Parties The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv) Related Transactions. It is aware that each other party to this Agreement and its Affiliates may from time to time (A) take positions in instruments that are identical or economically related to a Transaction or (B) have an investment banking or other commercial relationship with the issuer of an instrument underlying a Transaction.
(f) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY PROCEEDINGS ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION.
(g) Consent to Telephonic Recording. Each party hereto consents to the monitoring or recording, at any time and from time to time, by the other party of the telephone conversations of trading and marketing personnel of the parties and their authorized representatives in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction or potential Transaction; and each party, waives any further notice of such monitoring or recording and agree to give proper notice and obtain any necessary consent of such personnel or any such monitoring or recording.
(h) Agency Role of Greenwich Capital Markets, Inc. In connection with this Agreement, Greenwich Capital Markets, Inc. has acted as agent on behalf of Party A. Greenwich Capital Markets, Inc. has not guaranteed and is not otherwise responsible for the obligations of Party A under this Agreement.
(i) Pooling and Servicing Agreement.
(1) Capitalized terms used in this Agreement that are not defined herein and are defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement shall have the respective meanings assigned to them in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.
(2) Party B will provide prior written notice to Party A of any proposed amendment or modification to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement that would amend or modify the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.
(j) Amendment of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement. Party B will not amend, supplement or otherwise modify the Pooling and Servicing Agreement except in compliance with the provisions of Section 12.01 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement.
(k) Assignment and Pledge Under the Pooling and Servicing Agreement. Party A hereby acknowledges that JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association is acting as Trustee pursuant to the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and consents thereto and to the transfer to the Trustee of a security interest in all rights of Party B under this Agreement. In connection with that transfer, Party A hereby waives any right that it might otherwise have to set off against any amount payable by it under this Agreement any amount payable to it by any person under any other agreement or instrument. JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association, acting as Trustee on behalf of the holders of the Certificates, shall have the right to enforce this Agreement, against Party A.
Party A shall be entitled to rely on any notice or communication from the Trustee to such effect. Party A shall be entitled to assume the authenticity of any such notice or communication and shall have no obligation to verify the accuracy of any facts asserted therein or the authority of the sender thereof.
Party B shall cause Party A to be indemnified against any losses, costs, claims or liabilities arising from Party A's reliance on any such notice or communication (subject to the availability of funds therefor in accordance with the Flow of Funds as set forth in Article IV of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) and any losses, costs, claims or liabilities arising from the assertion that Party A is responsible for any of the items listed in Part 5(l), and Party A shall be released from any further obligations to Party B to the extent that it has rendered performance of such obligations to the Trustee for the benefit of the holders of the Certificates. The parties acknowledge that the indemnity contained in this Part 5(k) shall be subject to the Flow of Funds set forth in Section 4.04 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement and is only due to the extent funds are available for the payment thereof in accordance with such Pooling and Servicing Agreement. Party A hereby agrees that, unless notified in writing by the Trustee of other payment instructions, any and all amounts payable by Party A to Party B under this Agreement shall be paid to the Trustee at the account specified in each Confirmation. Any payments in accordance with this Part 5(n) by Party A to Party B shall fully release Party A from any further liability to Party B in respect of such payment.
(l) Regarding Party A. Party B acknowledges and agrees that Party A has had and will have no involvement in and, accordingly Party A accepts no responsibility for: (i) the establishment, structure, or choice of assets of Party B; (ii) the selection of any person performing services for or acting on behalf of Party B; (iii) the selection of Party A as the Swap Counterparty; (iv) the terms of the Certificates; (v) the preparation of or passing on the disclosure and other information contained in any offering circular for the Certificates, the Pooling and Servicing Agreement or any other agreements or documents used by Party B or any other party in connection with the marketing and sale of the Certificates; (vi) the ongoing operations and administration of Party B, including the furnishing of any information to Party B which is not specifically required under this Agreement; or (vii) any other aspect of Party B's existence.
(m) No Petition for Bankruptcy. Party A, by entering into this Agreement, hereby covenants and agrees that in connection with any obligations of Party B under this Agreement, Party A will not institute against Party B or the Trust (as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement), any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceeding, or other proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law, for one year and a day, after the latest maturing security issued by Party B is paid; provided however, that nothing herein shall preclude or estop Party A (i) from taking any action in (x) any case or proceeding voluntarily filed or commenced by or on behalf of Party B or (y) any involuntary bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other
proceeding under any federal or state bankruptcy or similar law filed or commenced against Party B by a person other than Party A or its Credit Support Provider or (ii) from commencing against Party B or any properties of Party B any legal action which is not a bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency, moratorium or liquidation proceeding. This provision shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason whatsoever.
(n) Representations of Party B. As an inducement to Party A for entering into this Agreement and each Transaction hereunder, Party B represents that for the purposes of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement:
(i) Party A is a "Swap Counterparty",
(ii) each Transaction entered into between Party A and Party B hereunder is a "Swap Agreement", and
(iii) any net payments (a difference between a Fixed and a Floating Amount) due to Party A under each Swap Agreement is a "Swap Amount".
(o) Not Acting in Individual Capacity. JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association is signing this Agreement solely in its capacity as Trustee of Party B and not in its individual capacity, and all persons having any claim against the Trustee by reason of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall look only to the assets of NovaStar Mortgage Supplemental Interest Trust, Series 2005-1 (subject to the availability of funds therefor in accordance with the Flow of Funds as set forth in Article IV of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) for payment or satisfaction thereof unless due to the Trustee's own negligent action, negligent failure to act, or willful misconduct, provided that:
(i) this Part 5(o) does not limit the effect of paragraph (a) of Section 8.01 of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement,
(ii) the Trustee shall not be liable for any error of judgment made in good faith by its Responsible Officer (as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) unless it is proved that the Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts, and
(iii) the Trustee shall not be liable with respect to any action it take or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it from the Majority Certificateholders (as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement).
The foregoing may not be construed to give to Majority Certificateholders any rights under this Agreement.
(p) Reassignment of Transaction. Party A acknowledges that if there is a reassignment of all or any portion of the rights and obligations of Party B in respect of a Transaction by the Trustee pursuant to Section 4.03(f) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement, no amount will be payable in connection with the reassignment. The Transaction or Transactions to be affected shall be those with the earliest maturities. In the case of two or more Transactions with the same maturity date, the Trustee shall reassign all of Party B's rights and obligations in respect of the Transaction or Transactions with the lowest fixed rate. Any reassignment of the rights and obligations of Party B in respect of a Transaction shall be implemented and documented in an agreement substantially in the form of the Novation Agreement among Party A, Party B and NovaStar Financial, Inc. dated as of February 22, 2005 (the "Novation Agreement"), with such changes as are necessary so as to make clear that the terms of the Transaction being reassigned are governed by the terms of the ISDA Master Agreement between Party A
and NovaStar Financial, Inc. dated as of July 3, 2003 (or such other ISDA Master Agreement between Party A and such other NovaStar entity or affiliate as may be agreed upon by the parties).
If the Trustee is unable to reassign all or any portion of Party B's rights or obligations in respect of such Transaction pursuant to Section 4.03(f) of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement (such failure, a "Failed Reassignment "), the affected Transaction or portion of the affected Transaction shall be immediately terminated and the amount payable with respect to such Transaction or portion of such Transaction (such payment, the "_Failed Reassignment Termination Payment_ ") shall be calculated pursuant to Section 6(e)(ii)(2) of this Agreement and shall be payable in accordance with the Flow of Funds as set forth in Article IV of the Pooling and Servicing Agreement. Any right of Party A to receive a Failed Reassignment Termination Payment shall be subject to the condition precedent that the Class C Certificates (as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement) are not then serving as collateral for any outstanding NIM Notes (as defined in the Pooling and Servicing Agreement); provided that if the Class C Certificates are so serving as collateral and no NIM Note is outstanding, Party A shall have the right to require payment of such Failed Reassignment Termination Payment and the preceding condition precedent shall not apply.
(q) Amendment of Provisions and Transfer of Rights and Obligations.
Without limiting the provisions of Section 7(a) of this Agreement, no amendment or transfer of the rights or obligations under this Agreement will be effective without the prior written confirmation of each Rating Agency that such amendment or transfer will not result in the reduction or withdrawal of the then current ratings for any outstanding Certificates. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph and elsewhere in this Agreement, Party A may transfer at any time, in its sole discretion, with prior written notice to Party B, its rights and obligations under a Transaction to its Credit Support Provider without the consent of any Rating Agency, the Trustee or NovaStar Mortgage Supplemental Interest Trust, Series 2005-1.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Party A and Party B have caused this Schedule to be duly executed as of the date first written above.
