SCHEDULE to the 1992 Master Agreement
(Multicurrency-Cross Border)
Dated as of May 15, 2008
between COMERICA BANK and 	    	  MEGABINGO, INC. and MGAM SYSTEMS, INC., jointly and severally ("Party A") 	    	 ( each and collectively, "Party B")
Part 1
Termination Provisions
In this Agreement:
(a) 	 " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A - NOT APPLICABLE, and in relation to Party B - Affiliates.
(b) 	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c) 	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply not to Party A and will apply to Party B.
" Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 except that such term shall not include obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
" Threshold Amount" means:
with respect to Party A - not applicable.
with respect to Party B - an amount equal to U.S. $1,000,000.00
(d) 	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) will apply to Party A and to Party B.
(e) 	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will only apply to Party A and to Party B if the laws of a jurisdiction other than the laws of the United States applies to this Master Agreement, the Credit Support Annex, or the collateral under the Credit Support Annex.
(f) 	 Payments on Early Termination for the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement - Second Method and Market Quotation will apply.
(g) 	 " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(h) 	 Additional Termination Event means in relation to Party A - NOT APPLICABLE, and in relation to Party B the following events: (i) The termination of the Credit Agreement (defined in Part 4 (e) of this document) for any reason.
(i) 	 Section  5(b)(iv) is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced by the following:
"Credit Event Upon Merger: If "Credit Event Upon Merger" is specified in the Schedule as applying to the party, such party ("X"), any Credit Support Provider of X or any applicable Specified Entity of X consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or all or substantially all its assets and/or voting stock is transferred to or comes under the practical, beneficial, or effective control of, another entity, or reorganizes, incorporates, reincorporates, or reconstitutes into or as, another entity and such action does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii) but the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is materially weaker than that of X, such Credit Support Provider or such Specified Entity, as the case may be, immediately prior to such action (and, in such event, X or resulting entity, or its successor or transferee, as appropriate, will be the Affected Party) (for purposes hereof, if Moody's Investors Service, Inc. ("Moody's") or Standard and Poor's Corporation ("S&P") maintains a long term unsubordinated debt rating of the party, materially weaker means below Baa2 by Moody's and BBB by S&P);" or
(j) 	 Section  5(a)(vii)(1) is hereby amended by inserting after the word "amalgamation" the following words: ", transfer, reorganization, incorporation, reincorporation, reconstitution,".
(k) 	 Section  5(a)(viii) is hereby amended by deleting and replacing, in its entirety, the introductory paragraph by the following:
"The party or any Credit Support Provider of such party consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or all or substantially all its assets and/or voting stock is transferred to or comes under the practical, beneficial, or effective control of, another entity, or reorganizes, incorporates, reincorporates, or reconstitutes into or as, another entity and, at the time of such consolidation, amalgamation, merger, transfer, reorganization, incorporation, reincorporation, or reconstitution:"
Part 2
Tax Representations
(a) 	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e), each party, for itself represents that it is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e) or 6(d)) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement.
In making this representation, each Party is relying on:
(i) 	 the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f);
(ii) 	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or Section 4(a)(iii) and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or Section 4(a)(iii); and
(iii) 	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d),
provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f), Party A represents that it is a banking association organized under the law of the State of Texas.
(c) 	 Payee Tax Representations : For the purpose of Section 3(f), each of Megabingo, Inc. and MGAM Systems, Inc. represents that it is a corporation organized under the law of the State of Delaware.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Section  4(a):
(a) 	 Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are: None
(b) 	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	    	  Form/Document/Certificate 	    	  Date by which to be delivered 	    	  Covered by Section 3(d) Party A and Party B 	    	 Evidence reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to the other party as to the names, true signatures, and authority of its officers and officials signing this Agreement or any Confirmation  	    	 Upon execution of this Agreement and, if requested, upon execution of any Confirmation 	    	 Yes Party A and Party B 	    	 A copy of the annual report for such party containing audited or certified financial statements for the most recently ended financial year prepared and audited or certified in accordance with accounting principles, standards (if applicable) and practices generally accepted and consistently applied in accordance with the laws of such party's jurisdiction of incorporation or organization together with the related auditor's or accountants' reports and approvals (as the case may be) 	    	 As soon as publicly available 	    	 Yes
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(a) 	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
Address: 	    	 Comerica Bank, Oaktec Office Center 3551 Hamlin Road, MC 7272 Auburn Hills, Michigan 48326 Attention: 	    	 Global Capital Market Operations Facsimile No. 	    	 248 / 371-6797 Telephone No: 248 / 371-6796 Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 	    	 206 Wild Basin Road, Building B, 4th Floor, Austin, TX 78746
Attention: 	    	 Randy Cieslewicz Facsimile No: 	    	 512-334-7695 Telephone No: 512-334-7500
(b) 	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement
(c) 	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:
Party A is not a Multibranch Party.
Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(d) 	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A.
(e) 	 Credit Support Document : Credit Support Document is not applicable in relation to Party A. Credit Support Document is applicable in relation to Party B and shall mean the "Collateral Documents," as defined in the Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of April 27, 2007 by and among the financial institutions from time to time signatory as co-borrowers, to the agreement, Party A, as agent for those financial institutions and Party B, as the same may be amended, modified, restated or otherwise supplemented from time to time (including but not limited to the Second Amendment to the Revolving Credit Agreement dated December 22, 2007) with the consent of Party A (the "Credit Agreement"). Additionally, Credit Support Documents includes each agreement and instrument, now or hereafter existing, of any kind or nature which secures, guarantees or otherwise provides direct or indirect assurance of payment or performance of any existing or future obligation of Party B under this Agreement, made by or on behalf of any person or entity (including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any credit or loan agreement, note, reimbursement agreement, security agreement, mortgage, pledge agreement, assignment of rents or any other agreement or instrument granting any lien, security interest, assignment, charge or encumbrance to secure any such obligation, any guaranty, suretyship, letter of credit or subordination agreement relating to any such obligation and any other financial support agreement relating to Party B or any Credit Support Provider) in favor of Party A or any of its Affiliates.
Security : Party B agrees that the security interests in collateral granted to Party A under the foregoing Credit Support Documents shall secure the obligations of Party B to Party A under this Agreement. To further secure the obligations of Party B under this Agreement, Party A may at any time without prior notice or demand set off against any credit balance or deposit account maintained with Party A by Party B or any of its Affiliates, all or any part of the Party B's obligations hereunder. Party B hereby grants to Party A a security interest in and lien on any such deposit accounts, credit balance or other money.
(f) 	 Credit Support Provider : Credit Support Provider is not applicable in relation to Party A. Credit Support Provider is applicable in relation to Party B and means Multimedia Games, Inc., a Texas corporation, ("MGI") Innovative Sweepstakes Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation, MGAM Services, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, MGAM Systems International, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Megabingo International, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and each Subsidiary (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of MGI and/or either of Party B which is required pursuant to the Credit Agreement to guarantee the obligations of Party B under the Credit Agreement and the Loan Documents (as defined in the Credit Agreement), and any other person or entity (other than Party B) that now or hereafter secures, guarantees or otherwise provides direct or indirect assurance of payment or performance of any existing or future obligation of Party B under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document.
(g) 	 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Michigan (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(h) 	 Netting of Payments. Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) of this Agreement will not apply from the date of this Agreement.
(i) 	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(a) 	 ISDA Definitions. The 2000 ISDA Definitions (the "2000 Definitions"), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), and the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions" and together with the 2000 Definitions, the "Definitions"), as published by ISDA, Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee, each as hereinafter amended, are incorporated by reference into this Agreement as if fully set forth herein; provided , however , unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, the FX Definitions shall apply only with respect to FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions.
(b) 	 Inconsistency . Unless expressly provided otherwise, in the event of any inconsistency between any of the documents listed below, the document listed first will prevail: (i) the Confirmation; (ii) the Schedule; (iii) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement; and (iv) the Definitions (including: (1) the FX Definitions, as applicable, and (2) the 2000 Definitions).
(c) 	 Representations. The following is added as a new Section 3(a)(vi):
"(vi) Independence. For any Relevant Agreement (defined below): (i) it acts as principal and not as agent, (ii) it acknowledges that the other party acts only at arm's length and is not its agent, broker, advisor or fiduciary in any respect, and any agency, brokerage, advisory or fiduciary services that the other party (or any of its affiliates) may otherwise provide to the party (or to any of its affiliates) excludes the Relevant Agreement, (iii) it is relying solely upon its own evaluation of the Relevant Agreement (including the present and future results, consequences, risks, and benefits thereof, whether financial, accounting, tax, legal or otherwise) and upon advice from its own professional advisors, (iv) it understands the Relevant Agreement and those risks, has determined they are appropriate for it, and willingly assumes those risks, and (v) it has not relied and will not be relying upon any evaluation or advice (including any recommendation, opinion, or representation) from the other party, its affiliates or the representatives or advisors of the other party or its affiliates (except representations expressly made in the Relevant Agreement or an opinion of counsel required thereunder).
"Relevant Agreement" means this Agreement, each Transaction, each Confirmation, any Credit Support Document, and any agreement (including any amendment, modification, transfer or early termination) between the parties relating thereto or to any Transaction."
(d) 	 Additional Agreements. Each of Party A and Party B, if applicable, hereby further covenants and agrees that at all times during the term of this Agreement it will continuously include and maintain as part of the official written books and records this Agreement, this Schedule and all other exhibits, supplements, and attachments hereto and documents incorporated by reference herein, all Confirmations and evidence of all necessary approvals. In addition to any other remedies which the other party may have under this Agreement or otherwise, if it breaches or defaults on any of its obligations set forth in this subparagraph (d), the other party shall be entitled to apply to any court of competent jurisdiction for an order requiring specific performance of such obligations, and the defaulting party shall not contest any such application and shall comply with any such order.
(e) 	 Set-off. Any Amount (the "Early Termination Amount") payable to one party (the Payee) by the other party (the Payer) under Section 6(e), in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or one Affected Party in the case where a Termination Event under Section 5(b)(iv) has occurred, will, at the option of the party ('X') other than the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party), be reduced by its set-off against any amount(s) (the "Other Agreement Amount") payable (whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by the Payee to the Payer (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation) under any other agreement(s) between the Payee and the Payer or instrument(s) or undertaking(s) issued or executed by one party to, or in favor of, the other party (and the Other Agreement Amount will be discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off). X will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected under this paragraph. For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Agreement Amount (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at which such party would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency. If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained. Nothing in this paragraph shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This paragraph shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise).
(f) 	 Local Business Day. Instead of the meaning specified in Section 14, "Local Business Day" means a day on which Party A and commercial banks are open for business in the City of Detroit, Michigan.
(g) 	 Jurisdiction. Section 13(b)(i) shall be deleted and replaced with the following:
"(i) submits to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Michigan and the United States District Court located in the City of Detroit, Michigan; and"
(h) 	 Transfers. The parties agree that Party A may transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement, in whole or it part, to any other Affiliate of Party A, provided that such assignment will not give rise to a Termination Event or an Event of Default with respect to either Party A or such assignee of Party A. Each party further agrees that Party A may share any information concerning Party B with any Affiliate. Party B may not transfer its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Party A.
(i) 	 Recorded Conversations. Each party may electronically record any and all telephone conversations between itself and the other party in connection with this Agreement (including any Transaction) and agrees that any such recordings may be submitted in evidence to any court or in any proceeding for the purpose of establishing any matters pertinent thereto.
(j) 	 Condition Precedent to Payments to the Defaulting Party. All obligations on a non-defaulting party ("X") and any Affiliate of X under this Agreement, any Specified Transaction with the other Party ("Y"), and any other matured or liquidated obligation to Y, are subject to the condition precedent that Y shall have performed all of its obligations to X and any Affiliate of X under this Agreement, any Specified Transaction with X, and all other matured or liquidated obligations of Y, whether or not contingent and regardless of the currency, place of payment, or booking office of the obligation.
(k) 	 PARTY A AND PARTY B ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THE RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IS A CONSTITUTIONAL ONE, BUT THAT IT MAY BE WAIVED UNDER CERTAIN CIRCUMSTANCES. EACH PARTY, AFTER CONSULTING (OR HAVING HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT) WITH COUNSEL OF THEIR CHOICE, KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY, AND FOR THEIR MUTUAL BENEFIT, WAIVES ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION REGARDING THE PERFORMANCE OR ENFORCEMENT OF, OR IN ANY WAY RELATED TO, THIS AGREEMENT. IF PARTY A AND PARTY B ARE PARTIES TO AN AGREEMENT THAT CONTAINS A JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION, THEN THE TERMS OF SUCH PROVISION ARE HEREBY INCORPORATED INTO AND MADE A PART OF THIS AGREEMENT AND IN THE EVENT THE JURY TRIAL WAIVER SET FORTH ABOVE IS NOT ENFORCEABLE, THE PARTIES ELECT TO PROCEED UNDER THE TERMS OF THE JUDICIAL REFERENCE PROVISION.
COMERICA BANK 	   	  	   	 MEGABINGO, INC.
BY: 	   	  /s/ Greg Yovan 	   	  	   	 BY: 	   	  /s/ Randy Cieslewicz Greg Yovan 	   	  	   	  	   	 Randy Cieslewicz ITS: 	   	 Vice President 	   	  	   	 ITS: 	   	 Chief Financial Officer date of execution May 29, 2008 	   	  	   	 date of execution May 29, 2008 MGAM SYSTEMS, INC.
By: 	   	  /s/ Randy Cieslewicz Randy Cieslewicz ITS: 	   	 Chief Financial Officer date of execution May 29, 2008
