SCHEDULE
TO THE
ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of July  19, 2007
between
KeyBank National Association     	    	 and 	    	          Jupitermedia Corporation ("Party A") 	    	  	    	 ("Party B" )
Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a) 	 " Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): None
Section 5(a)(vi): None
Section 5(a)(vii) None
Section 5(b)(ii): None
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v): None.
Section 5(a)(vi): None.
Section 5(a)(vii): Any Credit Party as defined in the Credit Agreement.
Section 5(b)(ii): None.
(b) 	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 12 of this Agreement.
(c) 	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and Party B.
(d) 	 " Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 12 of this Agreement but shall exclude deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business.
(e) 	 " Threshold Amount" means
(i) 	 with respect to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of its Stockholders' Equity; and
(ii) 	 with respect to Party B, means $1,000,000.
For purposes hereof " Stockholders' Equity" means, with respect to Party A, at any time, the sum (as shown in its most recent Call Report) of (i) its capital stock (including preferred stock) outstanding, taken at par value, (ii) its capital surplus, and (iii) its retained earnings, minus (iv) treasury stock, each to be deteonined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.
(f) 	 The " Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(ii) will not apply to Party A and Party B.
(g) 	 The " Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A or Party B.
(h) 	 Payments on Early Termination .    For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement:
(i) 	 The Second Method payment method will apply.
(ii) 	 The Market Quotation payment measure will apply.
(i) 	 Additional Termination Event:    For the purpose of Section 5(b)(iii) of this Agreement, it shall be an "Additional Termination Event" with Party B being the Affected Party if:
(i) 	 the loan or other indebtedness which relate to Transactions between the parties based on interest rates is repaid, in whole, upon acceleration of principal, prior to its stated maturity or for any other reason ceases to be an obligation of Party B, with or without the consent of Party A;
(ii) 	 any Credit Support Document expires, terminates, or ceases to be in full force and effect for the purpose of this Agreement unless (i) this Agreement is expressly amended in writing to reflect that it is no longer a Credit Support Document hereunder or (ii) a replacement Credit Support Document is entered into the terms of which are satisfactory to Party A in its sole discretion;
(iii) 	 an "Event of Default" under and as defined in the Credit Agreement (defined in clause (c) of Part 3 herein) shall have occurred; or
(iv) 	 Party A ceases to be a party to. or have any commitments under the Credit Agreement.
Part 2. Agreement to Deliver Documents.
For the purpose of Section 4(a) of this Agreement, Party B agrees to deliver the following documents:
(a) 	 A certificate of an authorized officer of Party B evidencing the necessary corporate authorizations, resolutions, and approvals with respect to the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, and certifying the names, true signatures, and authority of the officer(s) signing this Agreement and executing Transactions hereunder.
(b) 	 Quarterly and annual financial statements of Party B when reasonably requested by Party A and not otherwise provided to Party A under the Credit Agreement.
(c) 	 IRS Form W-9 of Party B when requested by Party A.
Part 3. Miscellaneous.
(a) 	 Addresses for Notices: For the purpose of Section 10(a) of this Agreement
Address for notices or communications to Party A:
Address: 127 Public Square, OH-01-27-0405, Cleveland, Ohio 44114
Attention: Interest Rate Risk Management
Facsimile No.: 216-689-4737
Telephone No.: 216-689-3143
Address for notices or communications to Party B:
Address: 23 Old Kings Highway South Darien, CT 06820
Attention: Don O'Neill
Facsimile No.: 203-655-4686
Telephone No.: 203-662-2980
(b) 	 Calculation Agent .    The Calculation Agent is Party A.
(c) 	 Credit Support Document:    In relation to Party A, means not applicable. In relation to Party B, means
(i) that certain Credit and Security Agreement dated on or about July 12, 2007 (the "Credit Agreement") between Jupitermedia Corporation and KeyBank National Association, as the lead arranger, sole book runner and Administrative Agent for the Lenders and Citizens Bank as the Syndication Agent, and each other Loan Document (as defined in the Credit Agreement), in each case as amended, restated, renewed, refinanced, supplemented, or as waivers thereunder may be approved in accordance with its terms from time to time,
(ii) Security Documents as defined in the Loan Agreement which, shall include without limitation, the following documents, as all such documents may be amended, modified or supplemented from time to time
(a) that certain Security Agreement dated on or about July 12, 2007 among Jupitermedia Corporation, and each of the Domestic Subsidiaries (as defined in the Security Agreement) in favor of KeyBank National Association
(b) that certain Pledge Agreement dated on or about July 12, 2007 between Jupitermedia Corporation in favor of KeyBank National Association
(iii) any guarantee, security agreement, or other document in effect from time to time that, by its tennis, guarantees, secures or otherwise supports the perfounance of Party B's obligations under this Agreement, including without limitation,.
(d) 	 Credit Support Provider .    In relation to Party A, means not applicable. In relation to Party B, means each party to any Credit Support Document of Party B, including without limitation each Guarantor of Payment as defined in the Credit Agreement, other than (i) Party A or Party B, (ii) any Affiliate of Party A, or (iii) any other secured party under such Credit Support Document.
(e) 	 Governing Law .THIS AGREEMENT WILL BE GOVERNED BY AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK WITHOUT REFERENCE TO CHOICE OF LAW DOCTRINE.
(f) 	 Definitions.    Section 12 is modified as follows:
(i) "Default Rate" means Prime +2%.
(g) 	 Payments.
Party A will make payments to Party B by transfer to the account of Party B at KeyBank National Association (Account Number: _ _).
Party B will make payments to Party A by transfer from the account of Party B at KeyBank National Association (Account Number:     ), and Party A is irrevocably authorized to debit such account for each such payment (it being understood that Party B will at all times maintain sufficient balances in such account for such purposes).
Part 4. Other Provisions.
(a) 	 Additional Representations.   Party B represents to Party A (which representation will be deemed to be repeated by Party B on each date on which a Transaction is entered into that it, or any Credit Support Provider, has if a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, limited liability company or trust (1) total assets exceeding $10,000,000 or (2) a net worth exceeding $1,000,000 and is entering into the Transaction in connection with the conduct of its business or to manage the risk associated with an asset or liability owned or incurred in the conduct of its business, and as such, it is an "eligible contract participant" as such term is defined in Section l a(12) of the Commodity Exchange Act (2000).
(b) 	 Event of Default.   Each party agrees to notify the other party of the occurrence of any Event of Default or Potential Event of Default immediately upon learning of the occurrence thereof.
(c) 	 Disclaimer.   In entering into this Agreement, Party B acknowledges and agrees that:
1. 	 Party B understands that there is no assurance as to the direction in which interests rates in financial markets may move in the future and that Party A makes no covenant, representation, or warranty in this regard or in regard to the suitability of the terms of the Agreement or any Transaction to the particular needs and financial situation of Party B.
2. 	 Party B has made its own independent, informed decision to enter into this Agreement and any Transaction.
3. 	 Party B represents, which representation shall be deemed repeated with respect to and at the time of each Agreement and Transaction, that (A) it has had the opportunity, independently of Party A and Party A's affiliates, officers, employees, and agents, to consult its own financial advisors and has determined that it is in Party B's interest to enter into the Agreement and any Transaction, (B) it is capable of assuming and assumes the risks of any Transaction and (C) it is capable of assuming and assumes all risks (financial and otherwise) associated with any Transaction, including but not limited to, Market Risk (defined as the risk that the Transaction may increase or decrease in value with a change in, among other things, interest rates or the yield curve), and Liquidity Risk (defined as the risk that the Transaction cannot be closed out of or disposed of quickly at or near its value).
4. 	 Party A is not acting as a fiduciary for or advisor to Party B in respect of any Transaction.
5. 	 Party B is not relying on any communications (written or oral) of Party A as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into this Transaction, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and any Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into this Transaction.
6. 	 Party B is capable of assessing the terms, conditions and risks (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice) of this Agreement and any Transaction and understands and accepts such terms, conditions and risks.
(d) 	  Waiver of Jury Trial.   Each party hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all rights it may have to trial by jury in respect of any proceedings arising
out of or relating to this agreement or any transaction and acknowledges that it and the other party have been induced to enter into this agreement by, among other things, these mutual waivers.
(e) 	 Set-off.    The right to exercise a Set-off against any amount otherwise payable in respect of an Early Termination Date pursuant to Section 6(e) may be applied solely at the election of the Non-Defaulting Party in the case of an Event of Default, and by the party other than the Affected Party in the case of a Termination Event or Additional Termination Event, whether or not such party is the payer or payee of an amount determined pursuant to Section 6\. If an obligation is unascertained, such party may in good faith estimate that obligation and exercise a Set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other party when the obligation becomes ascertained.
(f) 	  USA PATRIOT Act Notice.    Party A hereby notifies Party B that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L 107-56 (signed into law October 26, 2001)) (the "Act"), it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies Party B, which information includes the name and address of Party B, the Tax-Identification Number, and other information that will allow Party A to identify Party B in accordance with the Act.1
(g) 	 Termination.    Party B acknowledges that upon an early termination of any or all Transactions or Specified Transactions under this Agreement, monies may be due and payable by Party B to Party A, or by Party A to Party 11
(h) 	 Definitions.   Unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation, each Transaction between the parties shall be subject to the 2000 ISDA Definitions (the "Definitions") as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., as such Definitions hereinafter are amended and as such Definitions may be amended, supplemented, replaced, or modified, are incorporated by reference into this Agreement and each Confirmation as if fully set forth herein or in such Confirmation. For these purposes, all references in the Definitions to a "Swap Transaction" shall be deemed to apply to each Transaction under this Agreement. Unless expressly provided otherwise, in the event of any inconsistency between any of the documents identified in this Part 4(h), the document listed first will prevail: (i) the Confirmation; (ii) the Schedule; (iii) the printed form of ISDA Master Agreement; and (iv) the Definitions.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Schedule by their duly authorized officers as of the date hereof.
KeyBank National Association             	   	 and      	   	              Jupitermedia Corporation (Name of Party) 	   	  	   	 (Name of Party) By: 	   	   	   	  	   	 By: 	   	 /s/ Donald J. O'Neill Name: Thomas J. Simenic Title: Senior Vice President  Date: 	   	  	   	  	   	  Name: Donald J. O 'Neill Title: Chief Financial Officer Date: 10/5/2009
