SCHEDULE
to the
MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of August 18, 2011
between
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, a national banking association organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America ("Party A")	 and	 LKQ CORPORATION, a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware("Party B")
Part 1
Termination Provisions
In this Agreement:
(a) "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), NONE
Section 5(a)(vi), NONE
Section 5(a)(vii), NONE
Section 5(b)(iv), NONE
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), MATERIAL AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
Section 5(a)(vi), MATERIAL AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
Section 5(a)(vii), MATERIAL AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
Section 5(b)(iv), MATERIAL AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
(b) "Specified Transaction" will have the meaning given to it in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c)	 The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5 (a)(vi) will apply to Party A and to Party B but shall exclude any default that results solely from wire transfer difficulties or an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature (so long as sufficient funds are available to the relevant party on the relevant date), but only if payment is made within three Local Business Days after such transfer difficulties, or the error or omission has been discovered.
If such provisions apply:
"Specified Indebtedness" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money and any Derivative Transaction other than any Specified Transaction, except that indebtedness or obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business shall not constitute Specified Indebtedness.
"Threshold Amount" means
(i) with respect to Party A, an amount equal to 3% of the Shareholders Equity (as hereinafter defined) of WFC, and
(ii) with respect to Party B, or any Specified Entity or Credit Support Provider, 2% of the stockholders' equity (however described) of Party B or the relevant Specified Entity or the Credit Support Provider as shown on the most recent annual audited financial statements of Party B or the relevant Specified Entity or the Credit Support Provider or financial statements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion.
"Shareholders Equity" means an amount equal to WFC's total assets minus its total liabilities, as reflected on WFC's most recent audited financial statements.
(d)	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B, amended as follows:
"'Credit Event Upon Merger' shall mean that a Designated Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to a party, any Credit Support Provider of the party or any applicable Specified Entity (any such party or entity, "X"), and such Designated Event does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii) but the creditworthiness of X, or, if applicable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of X, is materially weaker than that of X immediately prior to such event. In any such case the Affected Party shall be the party with respect to which, or with respect to the Credit Support Provider or Specified Entity of which, the Designated Event occurred, or, if applicable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of such party. For purposes hereof, a Designated Event means that, after the date hereof:
(i)	 X consolidates, amalgamates with or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, or receives all or substantially all the assets or obligations of, another entity; or
(ii)	 any person or entity acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of equity securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors of X or otherwise acquires directly or indirectly the power to control the policy‑making decisions of X."
(e)	 The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f) "Payments on Early Termination". For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement:
(i) Loss will apply.
(ii) The Second Method will apply.
(g) "Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(h)	 "Additional Termination Event" will apply. Each of the following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:
(i)  (A) The expiration, termination, or acceleration of any Credit Support Document, or (B) the failing or ceasing of any Credit Support Document to be in full force and effect, or (C) an event of default or termination event (howsoever defined or described, and, after taking into account any applicable notice and cure periods) under any Credit Support Document, in each case prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of Party B to Party A or any of Party A's Affiliates whether under this Agreement or otherwise;
(ii)  Party A or any of its Affiliates terminates its obligation to extend credit to Party B, any Specified Entity of Party B, or any Credit Support Provider of Party B, for any reason (including as a result of a pre-payment of borrowed money by Party B, any Specified Entity or any Credit Support Provider of Party B); or
(iii)  Any collateral, security interest, or other credit support which secures the performance obligations of Party B to Party A or any of its Affiliates, whether under this Agreement or otherwise, (A) becomes unavailable to secure or ceases to secure Party B's obligations, or (B) no longer secures Party B's obligations at the same level of seniority as at the date of this Agreement, or (C) ceases to equally and ratably secure the obligations of Party B to Party A or any of its Affiliates with the senior lenders of Party B, its Specified Entity or its Credit Support Provider, or (D) is released at any time for any reason.
For the purpose of the foregoing Additional Termination Events, Party B shall be deemed to be the Affected Party.
Part 2
Tax Representations
(a)	 Payer Tax Representation. For the purpose of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B hereby  make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on:
(i)	 the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f);
(ii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii); and
(iii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d);
provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f), Party A and Party B make the representation(s) specified below:
(i) The following representation applies to Party A:
Party A is a national bank organized under the laws of the United States of America.
(ii)	 The following representation applies to Party B:
Party B is a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Sections 4(a) (i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
(a) Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document	 Form/Document/Certificate	 Date by which to be delivered Party A and Party B	 Department of the Treasury Internal Revenue Service Form W‑9	 On or before execution of this Agreement
(b) Other documents to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document	 Form/Document/Certificate	 Date by which to be delivered	 Covered by Section 3(d) Representation Party A	 Signature authentication satisfactory to the other party.
Upon request by Party B	 YES Party B	 Signature authentication satisfactory to the other party.
On or before execution of this Agreement	 YES Party B	 Copy (certified by an officer) of the board resolution (or equivalent authorizing documentation) permitting the entering into of this Agreement and Transactions hereunder in the form satisfactory to the other party.
On or before execution of this Agreement	 YES Party B	 Audited annual financial statements and unaudited quarterly financial	 Upon request by Party A	 Yes
statements, and related statement of earnings and changes in financial condition, each prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and reasonably satisfactory to Party A.
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(a) Addresses for Notices. For the purposes of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
(i)	 All notices or communications to Party A shall, with respect to a particular Transaction, be sent to the address, telex number, or facsimile number reflected in the Confirmation of that Transaction, and any notice for purposes of Sections 5 or 6 shall be sent to:
Address:	 Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 550 California Street, 12th Floor MAC A0112-121 San Francisco, California 94104 Facsimile No.: (415) 986-2604 Attention: Derivatives Documentation Manager
(ii)	 All notices or communications to Party B shall be sent to the address, telex number, or facsimile number reflected below:
Address:	 LKQ Corporation 500 W. Madison Street, Suite 2800 Chicago, IL 60661 Attention:	 Chief Financial Officer Telephone: 	 (312) 621-1950 Facsimile:	 (312) 621-1529
(b) Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13 (c) of this Agreement:
(i) Party A is a Multibranch Party, and may act through its San Francisco Office or Charlotte Office or its London Branch, as specified in the relevant Confirmation. If any Confirmation for a Transaction is sent or executed by Party A without specifying its Office, it will be presumed that Party A's Office for that Transaction is its San Francisco Office, absent notice to the contrary from Party A.
(ii) Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(c)	 Offices. Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:
(i) Party A is a Multibranch Party, and may act through its San Francisco Office or Charlotte Office or its London Branch, as specified in the relevant Confirmation. If any Confirmation for a Transaction is sent or executed by Party A without specifying its Office, it will be presumed that Party A's Office for that Transaction is its San Francisco Office, absent notice to the contrary from Party A.
(ii) Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e)	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A, provided, that if an Event of Default with respect to Party A has occurred and is continuing, the parties agree to appoint jointly and expeditiously an independent leading dealer in the relevant underlying market to make the relevant calculation.
Such dealer shall be selected in good faith from among dealers of the highest credit standing and such dealer's calculation shall be binding and conclusive absent manifest error.
(f) Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:
With respect to Party A: not applicable; and
With respect to Party B: any agreement by Party B or Party B's Affiliates (i) in respect of any obligation to repay borrowed money or to reimburse amounts paid under a letter of credit (including any interest or similar amounts with respect thereto) to Party A or any of Party A's Affiliates, including but not limited to any reimbursement agreement or any security agreement, or (ii) that by its terms secures, collateralizes or provides credit enhancement of Party B's obligations to Party A or any of Party A's Affiliates whether under this Agreement or otherwise.
(g)	 Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means:
With respect to Party A: not applicable; and
With respect to Party B: any entity other than Party B that provides a Credit Support Document and each party to a Credit Support Document that provides or is obligated to provide security, a guaranty or other credit support for Party B's obligations hereunder.
(h)	 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. To the extent not otherwise preempted by U.S. Federal law, this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without giving effect to any provision of New York law that would cause another jurisdiction's laws to be applied). Section 13(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the word "non-exclusive" appearing in subparagraph (i) thereof and substituting therefor the word "exclusive" and (ii) deleting the last sentence of Section 13(b) and substituting therefor the following sentence:
"Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction if (A) the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City lacks jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter of the Proceedings or declines to accept the Proceedings on the grounds of lacking such jurisdiction; (B) the Proceedings are commenced by a party for the purpose of enforcing against the other party's property, assets or estate any decision or judgment rendered by any court in which Proceedings may be brought as provided hereunder; (C) the Proceedings are commenced to appeal any such court's decision or judgment to any higher court with competent appellate jurisdiction over that court's decisions or judgments if that higher court is located outside the State of New York or Borough of Manhattan, such as a federal court of appeals or the U.S. Supreme Court; or (D) any suit, action or proceeding has been commenced in another jurisdiction by or against the other party or against its
property, assets or estate (including, without limitation, any suit, action or proceeding described in Section 5(a)(vii)(4) of this Agreement), and, in order to exercise or protect its rights, interests or remedies under this Agreement, the party (1) joins, files a claim, or takes any other action, in any such suit, action or proceeding, or (2) otherwise commences any Proceeding in that other jurisdiction as the result of that other suit, action or proceeding having commenced in that other jurisdiction."
(i) Netting of Payments. Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2 (c) of this Agreement will apply.
(j)	 "Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(k) Transfer. Section 7 is hereby amended by adding the words "(which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld)" in the third line thereof after the word "party" and before the comma, provided that among the reasons it shall be considered reasonable for a party to withhold its consent are the following:
(i) its credit department is unwilling to credit approve the transfer to the transferee, or if such approval is subject to collateral or other credit support arrangements, such collateral or credit support arrangements would not be in place and properly perfected at the time of such transfer to cover all existing and future obligations of the transferee or its credit support provider for the Transactions being transferred; (ii) it would be exposed to any increased legal, bankruptcy, regulatory or tax risks, liabilities or requirements as the result of such transfer (such risks to include, but not be limited to, the risk that settlement netting, close-out netting or collateral arrangements would not be enforceable in the event of the bankruptcy or insolvency of the transferee or its credit support provider, the risk that collateral may be clawed back in a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding applicable to the transferee or its credit support provider, or the risk that the non-transferring party may not have a first perfected security interest or charge in the collateral to the exclusion of other creditors) or such transfer would cause it or the transferee to be in noncompliance with any legal or regulatory requirements; (iii) an Event of Default or Termination Event would exist before or after the transfer; (iv) there would be any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payments it would be entitled to receive from the transferee for which the transferee is not obligated to fully gross up; or (v) when fewer than all Transactions are transferred, its credit exposure to the transferring party would increase as a result of the transfer.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(a)	 Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "2006 ISDA Definitions") as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. For these purposes, all references in the 2006 ISDA Definitions to a "Swap Transaction" shall be deemed to apply to each Transaction entered into hereunder.
(b)	 Set‑off. Section 6 of this Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following subsection at the end thereof:
"(f) Set-Off. Without affecting the provisions of this Agreement requiring the calculation of certain net payment amounts, all payments under this Agreement will be made without set off or counterclaim, except as provided as follows in this Section 6(f): Any amount (the "Early Termination Amount") payable to one party (the Payee) by the other party (the Payer) under Section 6(e), in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or one Affected Party under either the Termination Event in Section 5(b)(iv) (if made applicable) or any Additional Termination Event will, at the option of the Non-Defaulting or non- Affected Party (as the case may be) (in either case "X") (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party - in either case, "Y") be reduced by its set-off and re-coupment against any amount(s) (the "Other Agreement Amount(s)") payable (whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by the Payee to the Payer (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation ) under any other agreement(s) or undertaking(s) between the parties or instruments issued or executed by one party to, or in favor of, the other party (and the Other Agreement Amount(s) will be discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off). X will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected under this Section 6(f).
For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Agreement Amount(s) (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at which X would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency.
If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained.
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise").
(c)	 Representations and Warranties. Section 3(a) is amended by adding the following paragraphs (vi), (vii) and (viii):
"(vi) No Agency. It is entering into this Agreement and each Transaction as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise).
(vii) Eligible Contract Participant. Each of Party A and Party B represents to the other (which representation shall be deemed repeated on each date a Transaction is entered into or amended) that it is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and as such term may be further amended or interpreted under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
(viii) Anti-Money Laundering. It has adopted and implemented anti-money laundering policies, procedures and controls that comply and will continue to comply in all respects with the requirements of the anti-money laundering laws and regulations to which it is subject, and it strictly adheres to such policies, procedures and controls. In accordance with these policies, procedures and controls, it verifies the identities of, and conducts due diligence (and, where appropriate, enhanced due diligence) with regard to its customers."
(d)  Additional Party B Representation. Party B represents to Party A that the terms and conditions of this Agreement are no less favorable than the terms and conditions that Party B has with its other ISDA Agreement counterparties.
(e)	 Relationship Between Parties. In connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, of this Agreement, and any other documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party or that it is required by this Agreement to deliver, each party hereby represents and warrants, and, in connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, and the confirming of the execution of each Transaction, each party will be deemed to represent, to the other party as of the date hereof (or, in connection with any Transaction, as of the date which it enters into such Transaction) that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to  the contrary for that Transaction):-
(i) Non‑Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(iii) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv) Related Transactions. It is aware that each other party to this Agreement and its Affiliates may from time to time (A) take positions in instruments that are identical or economically related to a Transaction or (B) have an investment banking or other commercial relationship with the issuer of an instrument underlying a Transaction.
(f)	 Waiver of Jury Trial. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any Transaction and acknowledges that this waiver is a material inducement to the other party's entering into this Agreement.
(g)	 Consent to Recording. Each party hereto consents to the monitoring or recording, at any time and from time to time, by the other party of the telephone conversations of trading and marketing personnel of the parties and their authorized representatives in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction or potential Transaction; and the parties, waive any further notice of such monitoring or recording and agree to give proper notice and obtain any necessary consent of such personnel for any such monitoring or recording.
(h)	 Outstanding Specified Transactions. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, all Specified Transactions then outstanding between the parties (regardless of when entered into), shall, unless the parties express their intent to not be subject to this Agreement by referencing the date hereof and this Part 5(g), be subject to the terms hereof.
(i)	 Severance. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement is held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such provisions shall be severed from this Agreement to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, unless such severance shall substantially impair the benefits of the remaining portions of this Agreement.
The Agreement after such severance shall remain the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the parties hereto.
(j)	 Payment Instructions. All payments to be made hereunder in respect of Transactions shall be made in accordance with standing payment instructions provided by the parties (or as otherwise specified in a Confirmation).
(k)	 Collateral and Security Interest. Party B hereby agrees that the obligations that are secured by any collateral or security interest granted pursuant to the Credit Support Documents with respect to Party B shall include any obligation pursuant to this Agreement and hereby represents and covenants that any approvals or consents that are necessary to make this Part 5(j) enforceable have been obtained.
(l) Definitions.
(i) The following definition shall appear in Section 14 after the definition of "Defaulting Party": "'Derivative Transaction' means:
(a)	 any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto) which is a rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index forward, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, precious metals transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross‑currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions); and
(b)	 any combination of these transactions."
(ii) The following definition shall appear in Section 14 after the definition of "Loss":
"'Material Affiliates' means all Affiliates that have more than 5% of the total consolidated group assets or account for more than 10% of total consolidated group income, in each case as reflected on the most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the group or financial statements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion."
(m)	 Confidential Information. Party A may share any information concerning Party B with its Affiliates to the extent it deems advisable or necessary to carry out the obligations and rights provided for it under this Agreement.
(n)	 Negative Pledge/Equally Ratable. So long as any of the obligations under this Agreement remain outstanding, Party B will not create any mortgage, pledge, lien or other security interest (each a "Security Interest") on any of its assets unless (i) a Security Interest arises by operation of law, or (ii) Party A agrees to the creation of a Security Interest. If Party A agrees to the creation of a Security Interest, Party A shall be entitled equally and ratably to the benefits of an equivalent Security Interest to secure performance of all obligations of Party B under this Agreement.
(o)	 Scope of Agreement. Any Specified Transaction now existing or hereafter entered into between the parties (whether or not evidenced by a Confirmation) shall constitute a "Transaction" under this
Agreement and shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless the confirming document(s) for that Specified Transaction provide(s) otherwise. For any such Specified Transaction not evidenced by a Confirmation, Section 2(a)(i) of this Agreement is amended to read as follows: "(i) Each party will make each payment or delivery to be made by it under each Transaction, as specified in each Confirmation (or otherwise in accordance with the terms of that Transaction if not evidenced by a Confirmation), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement."
Part 6
FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions
(a)	 The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions.
(i) The provisions of the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions as published by ISDA, Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee (the "FX Definitions"), are hereby incorporated herein in their entirety and shall apply to FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions entered into by the Offices of the parties specified in Part 4(c) of this Agreement. FX Transactions, Currency Obligations and Currency Option Transactions are each deemed to be Transactions for purposes of this Agreement.
(ii) Unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, all FX and Currency Option Transactions entered into between the parties prior to the date of this Agreement shall be deemed to be Transactions for purposes of this Agreement.
The confirmation of all FX and Currency Option Transactions via any electronic media, telex, facsimile or writing shall constitute a "Confirmation" as referred to in this Agreement even where not so specified in the Confirmation.
Such Confirmations will supplement, form a part of, and be subject to this Agreement.
(b)	 Article 3 General Terms Relating to Currency Option Transactions.
The FX Definitions are hereby amended by adding the following new Section 3.9:
"3.9. Discharge and Termination of Options. Unless otherwise agreed, any Call or Put written by a party will automatically be terminated and discharged, in whole or in part, as applicable, against a Call or Put, respectively, written by the other party, such termination and discharge to occur automatically upon the payment in full of the last Premium payable in respect of such Currency Option Transaction; provided that such termination and discharge may only occur in respect of Currency Option Transactions with the same material terms, including but not limited to:
(i)	 each being with respect to the same Put and the same Call (i.e., a Put may only be discharged against another Put and not against a Call); (ii)	 each having the same Expiration Date and Expiration Time; (iii)	 each being of the same style (i.e., either both being of American or European Style);
(iv) each having the same Strike Price;
(v)	 neither of which shall have been exercised; (vi)	 each of which has been entered into by the same pair of Designated Netting Offices of the parties; and
(vii)	 each having the same procedures for exercise;
and, upon the occurrence of such termination and discharge, neither party shall have any further obligation to the other party in respect of the relevant Currency Option Transactions terminated and discharged. In the case of a partial termination and discharge (i.e., where the relevant Currency Option Transactions are for different amounts of the Currency Pair), the remaining portion of the Currency Option Transaction shall continue to be a Currency Option Transaction for all purposes hereunder."
Please confirm your agreement to the terms of the foregoing Schedule by signing below.
WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION	  	 LKQ CORPORATION By:	 /s/ SUSAN STAHLBERG	  	 By:	 /s/ JOHN S. QUINN Name:	 Susan Stahlberg	  	 Name:	 John S. Quinn Title:	 Authorized Signatory	  	 Title:	 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
