Execution Version
AMENDED AND RESTATED SCHEDULE to the ISDA MASTER AGREEMENT dated as of March 17, 2006 (the "Agreement ")
and Amended and Restated as of April  21, 2011
between
J. ARON & COMPANY, a general partnership organized under the laws of the State of New York ("Aron "),
and
CALUMET LUBRICANTS CO., LIMITED PARTNERSHIP, a limited partnership organized under the laws of the State of Indiana ("Counterparty ")
As of the Restatement Effective Date (as defined in Part 7(e)), this Amended and Restated Schedule to the Agreement supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Amended and Restated Schedule dated as of January 3, 2008 to the Agreement. Until the Restatement Effective Date, the Amended and Restated Schedule dated as of January 3, 2008 to the Agreement shall continue to remain in full force and effect.
Part 1. Termination Provisions
(a) 	   	 "Specified Entity "
(i) 	   	 means, in relation to Aron, Goldman, Sachs & Co., Goldman Sachs Capital Markets, L.P., Goldman Sachs International, Goldman Sachs (Japan) Ltd., Goldman Sachs International Bank, Goldman Sachs (Asia) Finance, Goldman Sachs Financial Markets, L.P., Goldman Sachs Paris Inc. et Cie, Goldman Sachs Mitsui Marine Derivative Products, L.P., Goldman, Sachs & Co. oHG, J. Aron & Company (Singapore) Pte., and J. Aron & Company (U.K.) for the purpose of Section 5(a)(v), and shall not apply for purposes of Sections 5(a)(vi), 5(a)(vii) and 5(b)(iv); and
(ii) 	   	 means, in relation to Counterparty, for the purpose of Sections 5(a)(v), 5(a)(vi), 5(a)(vii) and 5(b)(iv), each of the Domestic Entities. For purposes hereof, the "Domestic Entities" means (i) Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P., (ii) Calumet LP GP, LLC, (iii) Calumet Operating, LLC and (iv) each Subsidiary of Counterparty organized under the laws of any political subdivision of the United States. For purposes of the foregoing, "Subsidiary" of a person shall mean a corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability company or other business entity of which a majority of the shares of capital stock having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other governing body (other than capital stock having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) are at the time beneficially owned, or the management of which is otherwise controlled, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, or both, by such person.
\- 1 -
#####
(b) 	   	 "Specified Transaction ". The term "Specified Transaction" in Section 14 of the Agreement is amended in its entirety as follows:
"Specified Transaction " means, subject to the Schedule, (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto) now existing or hereafter entered into between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and the other party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of such other party) (i) which is a rate swap transaction, swap option, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, commodity spot transaction, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option, weather swap, weather derivative, weather option, credit protection transaction, credit swap, credit default swap, credit default option, total return swap, credit spread transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, buy/sell-back transaction, securities lending transaction, or forward purchase or sale of a security, commodity or other financial instrument or interest (including any option with respect to any of these transactions) or (ii) which is a type of transaction that is similar to any transaction referred to in clause (i) that is currently, or in the future becomes, recurrently entered into the financial markets (including terms and conditions incorporated by reference in such agreement) and that is a forward, swap, future, option or other derivative on one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity securities or other equity instruments, debt securities or other debt instruments, or economic indices or measures of economic risk or value, (b) any combination of these transactions and (c) any other transaction identified as a Specified Transaction in this agreement or the relevant confirmation."
(c) 	   	 The "Cross Default " provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Aron and will apply to Counterparty, provided that (i) the phrase, "or becoming capable at such time of being declared," shall be deleted from clause (1) of such Section 5(a)(vi); and (ii) the following language shall be added to the end thereof: "Notwithstanding the foregoing, a default under subsection (2) hereof shall not constitute an Event of Default if (i) the default was caused solely by error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; (ii) funds were available to enable the party to make the payment when due; and (iii) the payment is made within two Local Business Days of such party's receipt of written notice of its failure to pay;"
"Specified Indebtedness " will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of the Agreement. For the purpose of Section 5(a)(vi)(1), any reference to Specified Indebtedness becoming, or being declared, due and payable, shall in the case of Specified Indebtedness which is a Specified Transaction (as defined below), be deemed to be a reference to Specified Indebtedness being terminated by the other party to such Specified Transaction. For purposes of determining whether the aggregate amount of a Specified Indebtedness exceeds the applicable Threshold Amount with respect to a Specified Transaction for which a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) has occurred, the amount owing by the defaulting party ("X") in respect of such Specified Transaction shall be its mark-to-market value, reasonably determined by the other party to this Agreement as of the date on which such determination is being made, provided that the amount owing by X in respect of such Specified Transaction shall equal the Netted Close-out Amount (as defined below) if such Specified Transaction is governed by a master agreement.
"Netted Close-out Amount " means any amount payable or capable at such time of being declared due and payable by X in respect of an Early Termination Date under any ISDA Master
\- 2 -
#####
Agreement or any other similar final netted amount payable by X under any applicable master agreement.
"Threshold Amount " means in relation to Aron, U.S.$50,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) and in relation to Counterparty, U.S.$5,000,000 (or its equivalent in another currency).
(d) 	   	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger " provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) will apply to Aron and will apply to Counterparty; provided , however , that "Credit Event Upon Merger" shall not have its meaning as defined in Section 5(b)(iv), but shall mean, that (i) such Party ("X"), any Credit Support Provider of X or any applicable Specified Entity of X consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, another entity ("Y") or Y merges into X, any Credit Support Provider of X or any applicable Specified Entity of X, (ii) such action does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii), and (iii) (A) Standard and Poor's Ratings Group, a division of The McGraw-Hill Companies Inc. or any successor organization ("S&P") or Moody's Investors Service, Inc. or any successor organization ("Moody's") rates the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or transferee entity immediately after such action below investment grade (investment grade being at least BBB- for S&P and Baa3 for Moody's), or (B) neither S&P nor Moody's rates the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or transferee entity immediately after such action. For the purpose of the forgoing Termination Event, the Affected Party will be either Party X or Party Y, as the case may be.
(e) 	   	 The "Automatic Early Termination " provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Aron and will not apply to Counterparty.
(f) 	   	 Payments on Early Termination. For the purpose of Section 6(e):
(i) 	   	 Close-Out Amount (as defined in Part 5(f)) will apply.
(ii) 	   	 The Second Method will apply.
(g) 	   	 "Termination Currency " means United States Dollars.
(h) 	   	 The parties agree to amend the following subsections of Section 5(a) as follows:
(i) 	   	 clause (i): in the third line of this clause, delete the word "third" and insert the word "first;"
(ii) 	   	 clause (ii): in the fifth line of this clause, delete the word "thirtieth" and insert the word "fifth;" and
(iii) 	   	 clause (vii)(4): delete, following the word "liquidation" in line 9, the clause beginning with "and, in the case of" and ending with the word "thereof" in line 13; and in Clause (vii)(7): delete, following the word "assets" in line 19, the clause beginning with "and such secured party" and ending with the word "thereafter" in line 21, to eliminate the 30-day grace period.
(iv) 	   	 The parties also agree to add a new clause (ix) as follows:
(ix) 	   	 Adequate Assurance. A party ("X") fails to provide adequate assurance of its ability to perform all of its outstanding obligations hereunder to the other party
\- 3 -
#####
("Y") on or before 48 hours after a request for such assurance is made by Y when Y has reasonable grounds for insecurity.
(i) 	   	 Additional Events of Default with respect to Counterparty. Section 5(a) is hereby amended by including the following as clauses (x), (xi) and (xii) and the occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances set forth in such clause (x), (xi) or (xii) shall constitute additional Events of Default to which Counterparty shall be the sole Defaulting Party; provided that the following clauses (x), (xi) and (xii) shall have no further force or effect from and after the Lien Annex Termination Date (as defined in the Lien Annex):
(x) 	   	 Failure by Counterparty to comply with any of the other covenants or agreements set forth in Part 7;
(xi) 	   	 The occurrence of an Involuntary Disposition Non-Reinvestment Event with respect to Net Cash Proceeds in excess of U.S.$50,000,000; and
(xii) 	   	 The occurrence of any of the events set forth in Paragraph 4 of the Lien Annex attached hereto.
(j) 	   	 Additional Termination Event will apply. It will constitute an Additional Termination Event hereunder upon the occurrence of any of the following events:
(i) 	   	 The failure of Counterparty to provide the Aron Letter of Credit no later than the Restatement Effective Date;
(ii) 	   	 The occurrence of a Letter of Credit Default; and
(iii) 	   	 Prior to the Lien Annex Termination Date, any of the following occurs with respect to Counterparty's obligations to Aron under this Agreement:
(A) 	   	 such obligations cease to be secured by a first priority lien on Collateral pursuant to the Collateral Documents (except as provided therein);
(B) 	   	 such obligations cease to be equally and ratably secured and rank at least pari passu with Counterparty's obligations to the holders of the Secured Hedge Obligations; or
(C) 	   	 such obligations cease to be guaranteed pursuant to the Subsidiary Guaranties at any time for any reason.
For the purpose of each of the foregoing Termination Events, Counterparty shall be the sole Affected Party and all Transactions shall be Affected Transactions.
(k) 	   	 Early Termination. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 6(a) or Section 6(b), the parties agree that, except with respect to Transactions (if any) that are subject to Automatic Early Termination under Section 6(a), the Non-defaulting Party or the party that is not the Affected Party (in a case where a Termination Event under Section 5(b)(iv), or an Additional Termination Event for which there is a single Affected Party, has occurred) is not required to terminate the Transactions on a single day, but rather may terminate the Transactions over a commercially reasonable period of time (not to exceed ten days) (the "Early Termination Period"). The last day of the Early Termination Period shall be the Early Termination Date for
\- 4 -
#####
purposes of Section 6; provided, however, that interest shall accrue on the Transactions terminated during the Early Termination Period prior to the Early Termination Date at the Non-default Rate.
Part 2. Tax Representations
(a) 	   	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(e), Aron and Counterparty make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii), or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	   	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purposes of Section 3(f), Aron and Counterparty make the following representations:
(i) 	   	 It is not acting as an agent or intermediary for any foreign person with respect to the payments received or to be received by it in connection with this Agreement.
(ii) 	   	 It is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents
(a) 	   	 For the purpose of Section 4(a), Tax forms, documents, or certificates to be delivered are:
Party required to deliver document 	   	 Forms/Documents/Certificates 	   	 Date by which to be delivered Aron and Counterparty  	   	 United States Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, or any successor form.  	   	 (i) On a date which is before the first Scheduled Payment Date under this Agreement, (ii) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party, and (iii) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the other party has become obsolete, incorrect, or ineffective.
\- 5 -
#####
(b) 	   	 Other documents to be delivered are:
Covered by Party required 	   	   	   	 Date by which to be 	   	 Section 3(d) to deliver 	   	 Form/Document/Certificate 	   	 Delivered 	   	 Representation Aron and Counterparty  	   	 Evidence of authority of signatories  	   	 Upon or promptly following execution of this Agreement  	   	 Yes Counterparty  	   	 Any Credit Support Document specified in Part 4(f) herein  	   	 Upon execution of this Agreement and from time to time thereafter as required under Part 7 below  	   	 No Aron  	   	 Any Credit Support Document specified in Part 4(f) herein  	   	 Promptly after execution of this Agreement  	   	 No Counterparty  	   	 A copy of the resolution of each Credit Support Provider's board of directors (or other managers of such entity) approving the entering into of the applicable Credit Support Document and a copy of each Credit Support Provider's constituent documents, each certified by an appropriately authorized officer of the Credit Support Provider to the effect that such documents are up to date and in full force and effect and that Aron or Counterparty, as applicable may continue to rely thereon.  	   	 Upon execution of this Agreement and with respect to Counterparty only, from time to time thereafter as required under Part 7 below  	   	 Yes Aron and Counterparty  	   	 Most recent annual audited and quarterly financial statements of the party or, with respect to Aron, its Credit Support Provider  	   	 As soon as available and in any event within 120 days after the end of each fiscal year of the delivering party  	   	 Yes Counterparty  	   	 Prior to the Lien Annex Termination Date, any quarterly compliance certificate or notice of default or event of default as Counterparty shall be required to provide to the administrative agent under the ABL Credit Agreement  	   	 At such times such certificate or notice, as the case may be, are required to be delivered by Counterparty under the ABL Credit Agreement  	   	 Yes Counterparty  	   	 Each other document required under Part 7 below  	   	 From time to time as required under Part 7 below  	   	 Yes, unless otherwise expressly stated in Part 7 below
\- 6 -
#####
Covered by Party required 	   	   	   	 Date by which to be 	   	 Section 3(d) to deliver 	   	 Form/Document/Certificate 	   	 Delivered 	   	 Representation Counterparty  	   	 Certified resolutions of its board of directors or other governing body  	   	 Upon execution of this Agreement  	   	 Yes
Aron and Counterparty agree that at such time as the financial statements and documents required under Part 7 (as mentioned above) are required to be delivered by Aron or Counterparty shall have been made available on "EDGAR" (or any successor thereto) or on its home page on the worldwide web (which page is, as of the date of this Agreement, located at www.gs.com and www.calumetspecialty.com, respectively), then such financial statement or document shall be deemed delivered to Aron or Counterparty, respectively.
Part 4. Miscellaneous
(a) 	   	 Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a):
(i) 	   	 Address for notices or communications to Aron:
Address:  	   	 J. Aron & Company 85 Broad Street New York, New York 10004 Attention:  	   	 Energy Operations Telephone:     (212) 357-0326 Facsimile:     (212) 493-9849
(ii) 	   	 Address for notices or communications to Counterparty:
Address:  	   	 2780 Waterfront Pkwy. E. Dr., Suite 200 Indianapolis, IN 46214 Attention: R. Patrick Murray, II Telephone: 317-328-5660 Facsimile: 317-328-5676
(b) 	   	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c):
Aron appoints as its Process Agent, not applicable.
Counterparty appoints as its Process Agent: in the Borough of Manhattan, City, County and State of New York:
C T Corporation System 111 Eighth Avenue New York, New York 10011
(c) 	   	 Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
\- 7 -
#####
(d) 	   	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c):
Aron is not a Multibranch Party.
Counterparty is not a Multibranch Party.
(e) 	   	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Aron.
(f) 	   	 Credit Support Document. Any guaranty or other form of credit support provided on behalf and at the request of Counterparty at any time shall constitute a Credit Support Document with respect to the obligations of Counterparty. Each of the following also constitutes a Credit Support Document, each of which is incorporated by reference in, and made part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation (unless provided otherwise in a Confirmation) as if set forth in full in this Agreement or such Confirmation:
(i) 	   	 Guaranty by The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. ("Goldman Group "), delivered no later than 45 days after the Restatement Effective Date, in favor of Counterparty as beneficiary thereof shall constitute a Credit Support Document with respect to the obligations of Aron.
(ii) 	   	 Each Subsidiary Guaranty shall constitute a Credit Support Document with respect to the obligations of Counterparty; provided that no such Subsidiary Guaranty shall constitute a Credit Support Document from and after the Lien Annex Termination Date.
(iii) 	   	 The Collateral Documents shall constitute Credit Support Documents with respect to the obligations of Counterparty; provided that no Collateral Document shall constitute a Credit Support Document from and after the Lien Annex Termination Date.
(iv) 	   	 The Aron Letter of Credit shall constitute a Credit Support Document with respect to the obligations of Counterparty.
(v) 	   	 The Credit Support Annex attached to the Agreement, and any Letter of Credit delivered thereunder, shall constitute a Credit Support Document with respect to the obligations of Counterparty.
(g) 	   	 Credit Support Provider.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Aron, Goldman Group.
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Counterparty, each Guarantor (as defined in the Lien Annex) and any party that at any time provides a guaranty or other form of credit support on behalf and at the request of Counterparty.
(h) 	   	 Governing Law. Section 13(a) is hereby replaced with the following:
(a) 	   	 Governing Law. This Agreement and each Transaction entered into hereunder will be governed by, and construed and enforced in accordance with, the law of the State of New York without reference to its choice of law doctrine.
\- 8 -
#####
(i) 	   	 Jurisdiction. Section 13(b) is hereby amended by:
(i) 	   	 deleting in the second line of subparagraph (i) thereof the word "non-"; and
(ii) 	   	 deleting the final paragraph thereof.
(j) 	   	 Netting of Payments. Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) will not apply to Transactions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 2(c), unless otherwise expressly agreed by the parties, the netting provided for in Section 2(c) will not apply separately to any pairings of branches or Offices through which the parties make and receive payments or deliveries.
Part  5\. Other Provisions
(a) 	   	 Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair presentation of the financial condition of the relevant person."
(b) 	   	 Scope of Agreement. Any transaction outstanding between the parties at the date this Agreement comes into force or entered into by the parties at or after the date this Agreement comes into force that is: (1) an FX Transaction or a Currency Option Transaction as defined in the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions (the "FX Definitions"), as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. ("ISDA"), the Emerging Markets Traders Association, and the Foreign Exchange Committee, unless otherwise specified in the relevant confirmation, and (2) a transaction between the parties of the type set forth in the definition of "Specified Transaction" herein unless otherwise specified in the relevant confirmation relating to such Specified Transaction or unless otherwise agreed by the parties, will constitute a "Transaction" for the purposes of this Agreement. Transactions of the type set forth in (1) above will be deemed to incorporate the FX Definitions.
(c) 	   	 Additional Representations. The parties agree to amend Section 3 by adding new Sections 3(g),
(h), (i), (j), (k) and (l) as follows:
(g) 	   	 Material Adverse Effect. There is no event, condition or circumstance which exists, or with the passage of time, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.
(h) 	   	 Eligible Contract Participant. It is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the
U.S. Commodity Exchange Act.
(i) 	   	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
\- 9 -
#####
(j) 	   	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(k) 	   	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(l) 	   	 Lien Annex Representations. Counterparty makes each of the representations set forth in Paragraph 2 of the Lien Annex attached hereto; provided , however , that this Section 3(l) shall not be applicable on or after the Lien Annex Termination Date.
(d) 	   	 Transfer. The following amendments are hereby made to Section 7:
(i) 	   	 In the third line, insert the words "which consent will not be arbitrarily withheld or delayed," immediately before the word "except"; and
(ii) 	   	 in clause (a), insert the words "or reorganization, incorporation, reincorporation, or reconstitution into or as," immediately before the word "another."
(e) 	   	 Consent to Recording. Each party consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties, with or without the use of a warning tone, and their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any potential Transaction.
(f) 	   	 Definitions. The following amendments are hereby made to Section 14:
(i) 	   	 For purposes of (a) the Exposure Fee and (b) amounts owed to Aron by Counterparty under Section 6 of the Agreement, upon an Early Termination Date as a result of the occurrence of (i) an event listed in Part 1(i) (Additional Events of Default with respect to Counterparty), (ii) an event listed in Part 1(j) (Additional Termination Events) or (iii) any other Event of Default for which Counterparty is the sole Defaulting Party (each of (i), (ii) and (iii), subject to any applicable cure periods, referred to herein as a "Trigger Event "), the definition of "Default Rate " in Section 14 is hereby amended by deleting it in its entirety and replacing it with the following:
"Default Rate " means (i) from the date of the Trigger Event until but excluding the date which is one (1) month after such Trigger Event, the Initial Default Rate and (ii) from the date beginning one (1) month after such Trigger Event until but excluding the date of payment of any amount calculated to be due by Counterparty to Aron under Section 6 of the Agreement upon an Early Termination Date as resulting from a Trigger Event, the Modified Default Rate; provided , that each of the Initial Default Rate and the Modified Default Rate shall be subject to the Default Rate Cap, and provided further, that the Default Rate shall no longer apply from and after the date that a Trigger Event is no longer in effect or is otherwise cured, until such time as a Trigger Event occurs subsequently.
For purposes of the foregoing, the following terms shall have the following meanings,
"Default Rate Cap " means twenty-five percent (25%) of any amount calculated to be due by Counterparty to Aron under Section 6 of the Agreement as a result of a Trigger Event.
\- 10 -
#####
"Initial Default Rate " means a monthly rate equal to LIBOR plus 8%.
"LIBOR " means the rate (expressed as a percentage per annum) for overnight deposits in Dollars that appears on Telerate Page 3750 as of 11:00 a.m., London time, on the relevant date. If Telerate Page 3750 does not include such a rate or is unavailable on the relevant date, then Aron shall advise Counterparty of the London Interbank Offered Rate for overnight deposits on the relevant date
"Modified Default Rate " means a rate equal to the Initial Default Rate, escalated monthly by 2%.
(ii) 	   	 The definition of "Termination Currency Equivalent " in Section 14 is hereby amended by deleting in its entirety the text after the first three lines thereof and replacing it with the following:
"by the party making the relevant determination in any commercially reasonable manner as being required to purchase such amount of such Other Currency as at the relevant Early Termination Date, or, if the relevant amount determined in accordance with Section 6(e) is determined as of a later date, that later date, for value on the date the payment or settlement payment is due."
(iii) 	   	 "Close-out Amount" means, with respect to each Terminated Transaction or each group of Terminated Transactions and a Determining Party, the amount of the losses or costs of the Determining Party that are or would be incurred under then prevailing circumstances (expressed as a negative number) in replacing, or in providing for the Determining Party the economic equivalent of, (a) the material terms of that Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions that would, but for the occurrence of the relevant Early Termination Date, have been required after that date (assuming satisfaction of the conditions precedent in Section 2(a)(iii)) and (b) the option rights of the parties in respect of that Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions.
Any Close-out Amount will be determined by the Determining Party (or its agent), which will act in good faith and use commercially reasonable procedures in order to produce a commercially reasonable result. The Determining Party may determine a Close-out Amount for any group of Terminated Transactions or any individual Terminated Transaction but, in the aggregate, for not less than all Terminated Transactions. Each Close-out Amount will be determined as of the Early Termination Date or, if that would not be commercially reasonable, as of the date or dates following the Early Termination Date as would be commercially reasonable.
Unpaid Amounts in respect of a Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions and legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses referred to in Section 11 are to be excluded in all determinations of Close-out Amounts.
In determining a Close-out Amount, the Determining Party may consider any relevant information, including, without limitation, one or more of the following types of information:
(i) quotations (either firm or indicative) for replacement transactions supplied by one or more third parties that may take into account the creditworthiness of the Determining Party at the time the quotation is provided and the terms of any relevant
\- 11 -
#####
documentation, including credit support documentation, between the Determining Party and the third party providing the quotation;
(ii) information consisting of relevant market data in the relevant market supplied by one or more third parties including, without limitation, relevant rates, prices, yields, yield curves, volatilities, spreads, correlations or other relevant market data in the relevant market; or
(iii) information of the types described in clause (i) or (ii) above from internal sources (including any of the Determining Party's Affiliates) if that information is of the same type used by the Determining Party in the regular course of its business for the valuation of similar transactions.
The Determining Party will consider, taking into account the standards and procedures described in this definition, quotations pursuant to clause (i) above or relevant market data pursuant to clause (ii) above unless the Determining Party reasonably believes in good faith that such quotations or relevant market data are not readily available or would produce a result that would not satisfy those standards. When considering information described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, the Determining Party may include costs of funding, to the extent costs of funding are not and would not be a component of the other information being utilized. Third parties supplying quotations pursuant to clause (i) above or market data pursuant to clause (ii) above may include, without limitation, dealers in the relevant markets, end-users of the relevant product, information vendors, brokers and other sources of market information.
Without duplication of amounts calculated based information described in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, or other relevant information, and when it is commercially reasonable to do so, the Determining Party may in addition consider in calculating a Close-out Amount any loss or cost incurred in connection with its terminating, liquidating or re-establishing any hedge related to a Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions (or any gain resulting from any of them).
Commercially reasonable procedures used in determining a Close-out Amount may include the following:
(1) application to relevant market data from third parties pursuant to clause (ii) above or information from internal sources pursuant to clause (iii) above of pricing or other valuation models that are, at the time of the determination of the Close-out Amount, used by the Determining Party in the regular course of its business in pricing or valuing transactions between the Determining Party and unrelated third parties that are similar to the Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions; and
(2) application of different valuation methods to Terminated Transactions or groups of Terminated Transactions depending on the type, complexity, size or number of the Terminated Transactions or group of Terminated Transactions.
(g) 	   	 Set-off. The parties agree to amend Section 6 by adding a new Section 6(f) as follows:
"(f) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default or Termination Event under Section 5(b)(iv) with respect to a party ("X"), the other party ("Y") will have the right (but not be obliged) without prior notice to X or any other person to set-off or apply any matured payment obligation
\- 12 -
#####
of X owed to Y (or any Affiliate of Y) (whether or not arising under this Agreement, and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation) against any obligation of Y (or any Affiliate of Y) owed to X (whether or not arising under this Agreement, and regardless of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation). Y will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected under this Section 6(f).
Amounts (or the relevant portion of such amounts) subject to set-off may be converted by Y into the Termination Currency at the rate of exchange at which such party would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency.
If any obligation is unascertained, Y may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained.
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise)."
(h) 	   	 Definitions. This Agreement, each Confirmation and each Transaction is subject to the 2005 ISDA Commodity Derivatives Definitions, as published by ISDA (together, the "Definitions"), and will be governed in all respects by the Definitions (except that references to "Swap Transactions" in the Definitions will be deemed to be references to "Transactions"). The Definitions are incorporated by reference in, and made part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation as if set forth in full in this Agreement and such Confirmations. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and the Definitions, this Agreement will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation, this Agreement, and the Definitions, such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the relevant Transaction.
(i) 	   	 Waiver of Trial by Jury. Each party hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any Proceeding.
(j) 	   	 Confirmations. Counterparty shall be deemed to have agreed to the terms contained in any
Confirmation (as amended and revised) sent by Aron to Counterparty unless Counterparty objects to such terms within three (3) Business Days of receipt.
Part 6. Disruption Fallbacks
(a) 	   	 The following "Disruption Fallbacks " specified in Section 7.5(c) of the Definitions shall apply, in the following order, except as otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation:
(i) 	   	 "Fallback Reference Dealers";
(ii) 	   	 "Postponement", with two (2) Commodity Business Days as the Maximum Days of Disruption;
(iii) 	   	 "Fallback Reference Price";
(iv) 	   	 "Negotiated Fallback"; and
\- 13 -
#####
(v) 	   	 "Calculation Agent Determination"
(b) 	   	 Section 7.5(e) of the Definitions is hereby deleted in its entirety.
(c) 	   	 Section 6.2(b) of the Definitions is hereby amended by deleting the words ", as determined on the Trade Date of the Transaction as of the time of execution of the Transaction".
Part 7. Additional Provisions
(a) 	   	 Preliminary Statements. To induce Aron to enter into this Agreement, Counterparty has agreed to provide credit support to Aron in the form of mortgages, guaranties and other security documents as set forth in this Agreement. Accordingly, Aron and Counterparty hereby agree to the following terms and conditions. From and after the Lien Annex Termination Date, this Part 7 shall have no further force or effect, except for the definitions of "Restatement Effective Date" and "Aron Letter of Credit", and such other definitions required to give meaning thereto.
(b) 	   	 Certain Definitions. Certain terms used in this Agreement have the meanings assigned to them in clause (i) below.
(c) 	   	 Secured Trading Line Fees. Counterparty hereby agrees to pay to Aron the following fees
(1) 	   	 Exposure Fees. On the first Local Business Day of each month following the Exposure Fee Accrual Period, Counterparty shall pay to Aron an exposure fee (the "Exposure Fees ") in an amount equal to:
(x) 	   	 the Daily Average Covered Transactions Mark-to-Market Amount for such Exposure Fee Accrual Period; multiplied by
(y) 	   	 the Default Rate.
As used herein:
"Daily Average Covered Transactions Mark-to-Market Amount " means, for any Exposure Fee Accrual Period, the average, for each Local Business Day during such Exposure Fee Accrual Period, of the greater of (1) the Covered Transactions Mark-to-Market Amount for such Local Business Day and (2) zero.
"Exposure Fee Accrual Period " means each period, beginning on the date of a Trigger Event (as defined in Part 5(f)(i)) and ending on the date on which Counterparty indefeasibly pays in full all amounts owing to Aron pursuant to Section 6 of the Agreement.
(2) 	   	 Fees Non-Refundable. All Exposure Fees, once paid, are non-refundable.
(d) 	   	 Volume Reports. Counterparty hereby agrees to deliver to Aron, promptly following (but in any event no later than 60 days after) the end of each fiscal year and the month of each other calendar quarter, a report as of the last day of such fiscal year or calendar quarter certified by an appropriately authorized officer of Counterparty (each such annual and quarterly report, a "Volume Report ") setting forth in reasonable detail the commodities and quantities (notional or physical) of such commodities for all Secured Hedge Agreements, broken out monthly and separately identifying, for each commodity, Net Volumes and Net Contract Volumes for such
\- 14 -
#####
month, volumes for Long Price Hedges and Short Price Hedges for such month (each broken out for Secured Hedge Agreements under this Agreement and Secured Hedge Agreements not under this Agreement) and volumes of estimated fuels for such month, all in form, scope and detail reasonably satisfactory to Aron and setting forth such supporting detail as Aron may reasonably request. Each Volume Report shall be addressed to Aron and shall be accompanied by a certificate of a Financial Officer of Counterparty to the effect that such Volume Report is a true and correct copy thereof. In addition, Counterparty shall from time to time deliver to Aron all other information, reports and data which Aron has reasonably requested in connection with the Volume Reports; provided that such quarterly Volume Reports shall be deemed delivered to Aron to the extent that (i) such quarterly Volume Reports are available to Aron on "EDGAR" (or any successor thereto) or on its home page on the worldwide web (which page is, as of the date of this Agreement, located at www.calumetspecialty.com) and (ii) Counterparty's hedge disclosure practices in such filings have not materially changed from such disclosure practices as they existed in the two most recent reporting quarters before the Restatement Effective Date.
(e) 	   	 Restatement Effective Date. The "Restatement Effective Date " shall occur on the date on which Aron shall have received, reviewed or completed all of the following, each reasonably satisfactory to it in form and substance:
(1) 	   	 Executed Counterparts. From Counterparty:
(a) 	   	 an executed counterpart of this Agreement (including the Schedule to this Agreement) signed on behalf of Counterparty,
(b) 	   	 executed copies of the Collateral Trust Agreement,
(c) 	   	 executed and notarized copies of all Mortgage Instruments,
(d) 	   	 executed copies of the Security Agreement,
(e) 	   	 executed copies of each other Credit Support Document (other than the consents, intellectual property filings and account control agreement described in clauses (b), (c) and (d) of Paragraph 3.6 to the Lien Annex, respectively), and
(f) 	   	 (i) copies of insurance policies or certificates of insurance evidencing casualty insurance meeting the requirements set forth in the Collateral Trust Agreement, naming the Administrative Agent under the Collateral Trust Agreement, for the benefit of the secured parties thereunder, as additional insured and loss payee, and (ii) a certificate, dated the Restatement Effective Date, of a Financial Officer of Counterparty setting forth the insurance obtained by it in accordance with the requirements of the Collateral Trust Agreement and stating that such insurance is in full force and effect and that all premiums then due and payable thereon have been paid.
(2) 	   	 Part  3 Documents. Each document referred to in Part 3 that is required to be delivered upon execution of this Agreement.
(3) 	   	 Opinion of Counsel to Counterparty. An opinion letter (addressed to Aron and dated the Restatement Effective Date) of Fulbright & Jaworski L.L.P., counsel for Counterparty and the Credit Support Providers, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Aron.
\- 15 -
#####
(4) 	   	 Corporate and Partnership Documents. Such documents and certificates as Aron may reasonably request relating to the organization, existence and good standing of Counterparty and each Credit Support Provider, the authorization of the transactions contemplated hereby and any other legal matters relating to Counterparty and the Credit Support Providers, this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby as Aron may reasonably request.
(5) 	   	 Officer 's Certificate. A certificate, dated the Restatement Effective Date and signed by a Financial Officer of Counterparty, acting for and on behalf of Counterparty, confirming that each representation of Counterparty set forth herein and in Section 3 of the Agreement, incorporated by reference herein in each case with respect to each of the documents referred to in Part 3, is true and correct on such date as if made on and as of such date and that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred and is then continuing.
(6) 	   	 UCC, Tax Lien and Judgment Searches. Reports, dated as of a date substantially contemporaneous with the execution hereof listing the results of Uniform Commercial Code filing, tax lien, and judgment searches prepared by one or more firms reasonably satisfactory to Aron with respect to Counterparty and each Guarantor in each jurisdiction in which Counterparty or such Guarantor maintains its principal place of business or in which any of the Collateral is located.
(7) 	   	 Filings, Registrations and Recordings. Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by the Credit Support Documents or under law or reasonably requested by Aron to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of Aron a perfected Lien on the collateral described therein, and each such document shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. In addition, Counterparty shall have taken such other action as Aron shall have reasonably requested in order to perfect the security interests created under the Collateral Documents.
(8) 	   	 Solvency. A Solvency Certificate of Counterparty and each other initial Credit Support Provider dated as of the Restatement Effective Date.
(9) 	   	 Fees. Such other fees and expenses as Counterparty shall have agreed in writing to pay to Aron in connection herewith.
(9) 	   	 Aron Letter of Credit. The Aron Letter of Credit.
(f) 	   	 Additional Covenants.
(a) 	   	 Counterparty covenants and agrees, for the benefit of Aron, to:
(1) 	   	 notify Aron of each proposed amendment, modification and supplement to, and waiver of any provision under, the ABL Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents; and
(2) 	   	 comply with each covenant set forth in Paragraph 3 of the Lien Annex attached hereto.
(g) 	   	 Further Assurances. Counterparty shall from time to time execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered by Counterparty, such additional mortgages, deeds of trust, chattel
\- 16 -
#####
mortgages, security agreements, financing statements, reports, instruments, legal opinions, certificates or documents, all in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Aron, and take all such actions as Aron may reasonably request, in each case for the purposes of implementing or further effectuating the provisions of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, or of more fully perfecting or renewing the rights of Aron with respect to the Collateral (or with respect to any additions thereto or replacements or proceeds thereof or with respect to any other property or assets hereafter acquired by Counterparty or any Subsidiary Guarantor are part of the Collateral) pursuant hereto or thereto. Upon the exercise by Aron of any power, right, privilege or remedy pursuant to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents that requires any consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization of any governmental authority, Counterparty shall execute and deliver, or will cause the execution and delivery of, all applications, certifications, instruments and other documents and papers that Aron may be required to obtain from Counterparty or any of the Subsidiary Guarantors for such governmental consent, approval, recording, qualification or authorization.
(h) 	   	 References to ABL Credit Agreement. In the event the ABL Credit Agreement is amended, modified or replaced, references herein to particular provisions and defined terms of the ABL Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to the equivalent provisions and defined terms, as the case may be, included in the ABL Credit Agreement, as so amended, modified or replaced. If such an equivalent provision or defined term does not exist in the ABL Credit Agreement, as so amended, modified or replaced (or if the ABL Credit Agreement is terminated and not replaced), then references herein to particular provisions and defined terms of the ABL Credit Agreement shall be deemed to be references to such provisions and defined terms, as the case may be, as they existed in the ABL Credit Agreement immediately prior to such amendment, modification, replacement or termination without replacement. For the avoidance of doubt, any amendments, modifications or replacements of provisions or defined terms of the ABL Credit Agreement that are not referenced herein shall have no affect on the provisions herein.
(i) 	   	 Certain Definitions. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words "include", "includes" and "including" shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase "without limitation". The word "will" shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word "shall". The term "date hereof" refers to the date of this Agreement first above written. Unless the context requires otherwise (1) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, restatements, supplements or modifications set forth therein or herein), (2) references to any law, constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule or ordinance, including any section or other part thereof (each, for purposes of this paragraph, a "law "), shall refer to that law as amended from time to time and shall include any successor law, (3) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person's successors and permitted assigns, (4) the words "herein", "hereof" and "hereunder", and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof and (5) all references herein to Sections, Parts, Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits shall be construed to refer to Sections and Parts of, and Annexes, Schedules and Exhibits to, this Agreement.
As used herein, the following terms have the meanings given to them below:
"ABL Credit Agreement " means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of January 3, 2008, among Counterparty, Calumet Shreveport, LLC, Calumet Shreveport Lubricants & Waxes,
\- 17 -
#####
LLC, and Calumet Shreveport Fuels, LLC, as Borrowers, certain financial institutions party thereto, as lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as agent, and Banc of America Securities LLC, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Book Manager, after giving immediate effect to any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto, or waiver thereof, after the date the ABL Credit Agreement becomes effective, without necessity for any act by Aron.
"Aron Letter of Credit " means one or more Letters of Credit naming Aron (or an Affiliate thereof designated by Aron) as beneficiary in an initial stated amount of the Required LC Amount.
"Collateral " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Collateral Documents " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Covered Transactions Mark-to-Market Amount " means the aggregate mark-to-market position of all Transactions as determined by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner at the close of each Local Business Day. If such position is in favor of Aron, the Covered Transactions Mark-to-Market Amount will be stated as a positive number. If such position is in favor of Counterparty (to be construed in the aggregate), the Covered Transactions Mark-to-Market Amount will be stated as a negative number.
"Daily Average Covered Transactions Mark-to-Market Amount " has the meaning set forth in Part 7(c)(1).
"Exposure Fee " has the meaning set forth in Part 7(c)(1) of this Agreement.
"Exposure Fee Accrual Period " has the meaning set forth in Part 7(c)(1) of this Agreement.
"Financial Officer " means, as to any Counterparty, the chief financial officer, treasurer or other officer thereof acceptable to Aron.
"Involuntary Disposition Non-Reinvestment Event " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Letters of Credit " has the meaning set forth in the Credit Support Annex attached hereto.
"Letter of Credit Default " has the meaning set forth in the Credit Support Annex attached hereto.
"Lien " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Lien Annex Termination Date " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Loan Documents " means the "Loan Documents" as defined in the ABL Credit Agreement.
"Material Adverse Effect " means (a) a material adverse change in, or a material adverse effect upon, the condition or value of the Collateral, (b) a material impairment of ability of Counterparty or any Guarantor to perform its obligations under any Transaction Document to
\- 18 -
#####
which it is a party, or (c) a material adverse effect upon the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability against Counterparty or any Guarantor of any Transaction Document to which it is a party.
"Net Cash Proceeds " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Net Contract Volume " means, for each month and each commodity as at any date of determination, an amount (which may be less than zero) equal to:
(x) 	   	 the aggregate notional quantity or volume of such commodity for that month under all outstanding Short Price Hedges under this Agreement; minus
(y) 	   	 the aggregate notional quantity or volume of such commodity for that month under all outstanding Long Price Hedges under this Agreement.
"Net Volume " means, for each month as at any date of determination, an amount (which may be less than zero) equal to:
(x) 	   	 the aggregate notional quantity or volume of each commodity for that month under all outstanding Short Price Hedges; minus
(y) 	   	 the aggregate notional quantity or volume of each commodity for that month under all outstanding Long Price Hedges.
"Person " means an individual, corporation (including a business trust), partnership, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint venture, association, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated association or government or any agency or political subdivision thereof.
"Price Hedge " means each Secured Hedge Agreement. A Price Hedge is referred to herein as a "Long Price Hedge " if Counterparty would benefit, under such Secured Hedge Agreement, from an increase in the market price of the commodity traded thereunder and as a "Short Price Hedge " if Counterparty would benefit, under such Secured Hedge Agreement, from a decrease in market price of the commodity traded thereunder.
"Required LC Amount " means U.S.$25,000,000.
"Secured Hedge Agreement " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Secured Hedge Obligation " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Solvency Certificate " means a certificate of Counterparty or one if its Affiliates (as applicable), addressed to Aron, certifying that, as of the date of such certificate, Counterparty or such Affiliate (as applicable) is Solvent.
"Solvent " means that, as of any date of determination as to any Person, (a) the amount of the "present fair saleable value" of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, exceed the amount of all "liabilities of such Person, contingent or otherwise", as of such date, as such quoted terms are determined in accordance with applicable federal and state laws governing
\- 19 -
#####
determinations of the insolvency of debtors, (b) the present fair saleable value of the assets of such Person will, as of such date, be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the liability of such Person on its debts as such debts become absolute and matured, (c) such Person will not have, as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of capital with which to conduct its business, and (d) such Person will be able to pay its debts as they mature. For purposes of this definition, (1) "debt" means liability on a "claim", and (2) "claim" means any (x) right to payment, whether or not such a right is reduced to judgment, liquidated, unliquidated, fixed, contingent, matured, unmatured, disputed, undisputed, legal, equitable, secured or unsecured or (y) right to an equitable remedy for breach of performance if such breach gives rise to a right to payment, whether or not such right to an equitable remedy is reduced to judgment, fixed, contingent, matured or unmatured, disputed, undisputed, secured or unsecured.
"Transaction Documents " has the meaning set forth in the Lien Annex attached hereto.
"Value " has the meaning set forth in the Credit Support Annex attached hereto.
"Volume Reports " has the meaning set forth in Part 7(d) of this Agreement.
[signature page follows]
\- 20 -
