SCHEDULE
to the
Master Agreement
dated as of January 11, 2008
between
General Maritime Corporation incorporated under the laws of Marshall Islands ("Party A") 	  and 	  HSH Nordbank AG a banking corporation incorporated under the laws of the Federal Republic of Germany ("Party B")
Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a) 	  "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:-
Section 5(a)(v), ....................Not applicable……...............................
Section 5(a)(vi), ....................Not applicable.......................................
Section 5(a)(vii), ....................Not applicable.......................................
Section 5(b)(iv), ....................Not applicable.......................................
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:-
Section 5(a)(v), ....................Not applicable.......................................
Section 5(a)(vi), ....................Not applicable.......................................
Section 5(a)(vii), ....................Not applicable.......................................
Section 5(b)(iv), ....................Not applicable.......................................
(b) 	  "Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c) 	  The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) will apply to Party A and Party B; provided, however, that the following language shall be added at the end thereof: "notwithstanding the foregoing, an Event of Default shall not occur under either (1) or (2) above if, as demonstrated to the reasonable satisfaction of the other party, (a) the event or condition referred to in (1) or the failure to pay referred to in (2) is a failure to pay caused by an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature; and (b) funds were available to such party to enable it to make the relevant payment when due; and (c) such relevant payment is made within two Local Business Days following receipt of written notice from an interested party of such failure to pay."
If such provisions apply:-
"Specified Indebtedness". will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
"Threshold Amount" means for Party A USD 20,000,000.00 and for Party B 3 % of its stockholders' equity as reflected on its most recent financial statements.
(d) The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(iv)
will apply to Party A and
will apply to Party B
(e) 	  The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a)
will not apply to Party A and
will not apply to Party B
(f) 	  Payments on Early Termination. For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement:-
(i) Market Quotation will apply.
(ii) The Second Method will apply.
(g) 	  "Termination Currency" means United States Dollars
(h) 	  Additional Termination Event will not apply.
Part 2. Tax Representations.
(a) 	  Payer Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, Party A will make the following representation and Party B will make the following representation:-
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on
(i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement,
(ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement and
(iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b) 	  Payee Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement, Party A and Party B make no representations.
Exhibit 99.2
Part 3. Agreement to Deliver Documents.
For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:-
(a) 	  Tax forms, documents or certificates to be delivered are:-
Party required  to deliver  document 	  Form/Document/Certificate 	  Date by which to be delivered Party A and Party B 	  Each party agrees to complete (accurately and in a manner reasonable satisfactory to the other party), execute,  arrange for any required certification of, and deliver to the other party or such government or taxing authority as the other party reasonably directs, any form certificate or document that may be required or reasonably requested  in order to assist or enable the other party to secure the benefit of any available exemption or relief from any  deduction or withholding for or on account of Tax or, if there is no available exemption or relief as aforesaid, to  secure the benefit of any reduced rate of deduction or withholding, in respect of any payment under this Agreement 	  (i) promptly upon a party becoming aware that such document has to be provided to the other party, or, (ii) as soon as possible after request of the other party
(b) 	  Other documents to be delivered are:-
Party required  to deliver document 	  Form/Document/ Certificate 	  Date by which  to be delivered 	  Covered by  Section 3(d)  Representation Party A and Party B 	  proof of names, true signatures and authority of person(s) signing this  Agreement and all Confirmations on its behalf 	  upon execution of this Agreement and promptly upon reasonable request 	  Yes Party A and Party B 	  Certified copy of such Party's audited annual or other published accounts  and a copy of all its financial statements as required by law in a form  consistent with generally accepted accounting principles and practices,  consistently applied, certified as to their correctness by the party's auditors 	  promptly upon reasonable request when publicly available 	  Yes Party A 	  certified copy of the Articles of Association of Party A 	  upon execution of this Agreement 	  Yes Party A 	  Resolution of the Board of Directors of Party A with regard to the execution of this Agreement as well as any Transaction hereunder 	  upon execution of this Agreement 	  Yes
Exhibit 99.2
Part 4. Miscellaneous.
(a) 	  Addresses for Notices. For the purpose of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:-
Address for notices or communications to Party A:-
Address: 299 Park Avenue
New York 10017
USA
Attention: Chief Financial Officer
tel: 212-763-5680
fax: 212-763-5607
e-mail: Jeffrey.pribor@generalmaritimecorp.com
Address for notices or communications to Party B with regard to Sections 5 and 6 of the Agreement:-
Address: HSH Nordbank AG
Legal & Compliance, OE 0260
Martensdamm 6
24103 Kiel
Federal Republic of Germany
Attention: Mr. Heiko Ludwig,
Deputy Head of Legal and Compliance
tel: +49 431 900 1 40 15
fax: +49 431 900 61 40 15
e-mail: heiko.ludwig@hsh-nordbank.com
(b) 	  Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement:-
Party A appoints as its Process Agent General Maritime Corporation
9 Park Avenue
New York 10017
USA
Party B appoints as its Process Agent HSH Nordbank AG
New York Branch
230 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10169
USA
Attn.: The General Counsel
(c) 	  Offices. The provisions of Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d) 	  Multibranch Party. For the purposes of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:-
Party A is not a Multibranch Party.
Party B is a Multibranch Party and may act through its Head Offices in Hamburg and Kiel and its Branches in the Cayman Islands, Copenhagen, Hong Kong, London, Luxembourg, New York and Singapore.
(e) 	  Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party B, unless otherwise specified in a Confirmation in relation to the relevant Transaction and unless an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing with respect to Party B, in which case Party A shall be the Calculation Agent for as long as such default continues; provided, however, where a party disputes any determination, calculation or estimate of the Calculation Amount, then (i) the relevant party shall immediately pay the amount, if any, that is not in dispute and (ii) the parties shall promptly appoint an independent third party that would qualify as a Reference Market-maker (a "Substitute Calculation Agent") to resolve the dispute the determination of which shall be final and binding absent manifest error. If the parties cannot agree on a Substitute Calculation Agent, each party shall elect an independent Reference Market-maker and such two Reference Market-makers jointly shall appoint a third Reference Market-maker which shall be deemed to be the Substitute Calculation Agent. The fees and expenses of such Substitute Calculation Agent shall be borne equally by the parties.
(f) 	  Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:-
.......................................Not applicable................................................
(g) 	  Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party A,
.......................................Not applicable................................................
Credit Support Provider means in relation to Party B,
.......................................Not applicable................................................
(h) 	  Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without regard to conflicts of laws provisions thereof other than sections 5- 1401 and 5- 1402 of the New York General Obligations law).
(i) 	  Netting of Payments. Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) of this Agreement will apply to all Transactions.
(j) 	  "Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement. With regard to Section 3(c) neither party is deemed to have Affiliates.
Exhibit 99.2
Part 5. Other Provisions.
(a) 	  Section 1
(a) 	  Scope of Agreement. Notwithstanding anything contained in the Agreement to the contrary, if the parties have entered and may enter into any Specified Transaction, such Specified Transaction shall be subject to, governed by and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement unless the confirmation relating thereto shall specifically state to the contrary. Each such Specified Transaction shall be a Transaction for the purposes of this Agreement.
(b) 	  Severability. Any provision of this Agreement which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this Agreement or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties shall endeavour in good faith negotiations to replace the prohibited or unenforceable provision with a valid provision, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the prohibited or unenforceable provision.
(c) 	  2006 ISDA Definitions. The 2006 ISDA Definitions (the "2006 Definitions") as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. are incorporated by reference herein. Any terms used and not otherwise defined herein which are contained in the 2006 Definitions shall have the meaning set forth therein.
(b) 	  Section 2
(d) 	  Change of Account. Section 2(b) of this Agreement is hereby amended by the addition of the following after the word "delivery" in the first line thereof: "to another account in the same legal and tax jurisdiction as the original account".
(c) Section 3
(e) 	  Relationship between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):-
(i) Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisors as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii) Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(iii) Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an advisor to it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv) No Agency. It is entering into this Agreement and each Transaction as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise).
(f) 	  Eligible Contract Participant. Each party represents that it is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in Section 1a(12) of the U.S. Commodity Exchange Act, as amended by the Commodity Futures Modernization Act of 2000.
(g) 	  Accuracy of Specified Information. Section 3(d) is hereby amended by adding in the third line thereof after the word "respect" and before the period, the phrase "or, in the case of audited or unaudited financial statements, a fair representation in any material respect of the financial condition of the relevant person"
(i) 	  Section 4
(h) 	  Disclosure. Each party hereby agrees that any information in respect of, or relating to, this Agreement and any Transaction, to the extent that such information is not known to the public or disclosed to the public in the future by third parties (the "Information") is confidential and shall be treated as such, and that such party consents to the communication and disclosure by the other party of the Information to the other party's branches, subsidiaries, Affiliates and advisors and their respective employees, on a need-to-know basis for the purposes of performing this Agreement and the Transactions and to the extent required by law, any government or regulatory authority or stock exchange rule.
(ii) 	  Section 6
(i) 	  The following shall be added at the end of Section 6 of this Agreement:-
"(f) Set-off. Any amount (the "Early Termination Amount") payable to one party (the Payee) by the other party (the Payer) under Section 6(e), in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or one Affected Party in the case where a Termination Event under Section 5(b)(iv) has occurred, will, at the option of the party ("X") other than the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party), be reduced by its set-off against any amount(s) (the "Other Agreement Amount") payable (whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by the Payee to the Payer (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation) under any other agreement(s) between the Payee and the Payer or instrument(s) or undertaking(s) issued or executed by one party to, or in favor of, the other party (and the Other Agreement Amount will be discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off). X will give prompt notice to the other party of any set-off effected under this Section 6(f).
For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Agreement Amount (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at which such party would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency.
If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained.
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise)."
(d) 	  Section 9
(j) 	  Confirmations. Each Confirmation shall be substantially in the form of one of the Exhibits to the 2006 ISDA Definitions or in any other form which is published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association. Inc. or in such other form as the parties may agree.
Exhibit 99.2
Section 13
(k) 	  Waiver of Jury Trial. Each party hereby irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any Transaction and acknowledges that this waiver is a material inducement to the other party's entering into this Agreement.
(e) 	  Section 14
(l) 	  Indemnifiable Tax. The following shall be added at the end of the definition of "Indemnifiable Tax":-
Notwithstanding the foregoing, "Indemnifiable Tax" also means any Tax imposed in respect of a payment under this Agreement by reason of a Change in Tax Law by a government or taxing authority of a Relevant Jurisdiction of the party making such payment, unless the other party is incorporated, organized, managed and controlled or considered to have its seat in such jurisdiction, or is acting for purpose of this Agreement through a branch or office located in such jurisdiction.
Other Additions.
(m) 	  Recorded Conversations. Each party and any of its Affiliates may electronically record any of its telephone conversations with the other party or with any of the other party's Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction, and any such recordings may be submitted in evidence in any proceeding to establish any matters pertinent to this Agreement or any Transaction
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this Agreement on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this Agreement.
General Maritime Corporation
By: /s/ Jeffrey D. Pribor
Name: Jeffrey D. Pribor
Title: Chief Financial Officer
Date: February 15, 2008
HSH Nordbank AG
By: /s/ Matthias Eggert-Wessel Name: Dr. Matthias Eggert-Wessel Title: Legal and Compliance - Financial Markets Date: January 14, 2008 	  By: /s/ Fedor Matezky Name: Fedor Matezky Title: Legal and Compliance - Financial Markets Date: January 14, 2008
