SCHEDULE
to the Master Agreement
dated as of June 1, 2016
between CITIZENS BANK, NATIONAL 	 and 	 CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC., a ASSOCIATION, a national bank organized 	   	 corporation organized under the laws under the laws of the United States of America 	   	 of the state of New York ("Party A") 	   	 ("Party B")
Part 1
Termination Provisions
In this Agreement:
(a)	 "Specified Entity " means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v),           NONE
Section 5(a)(vi),           NONE
Section 5(a)(vii),           NONE
Section 5(b)(iv),           NONE
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v),           AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
Section 5(a)(vi),           AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
Section 5(a)(vii),           AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
Section 5(b)(iv),           AFFILIATES OF PARTY B
(b)	 " Specified Transaction" will have the meaning given to it in Section 14 of this Agreement.
(c)	 The " Cross Default" provisions of Section 5 (a)(vi) will apply to Party A and to Party B but shall exclude any default that results solely from wire transfer difficulties or an error or omission of an administrative or operational nature (so long as sufficient funds are available to the relevant party on the relevant date), but only if payment is made within three Local Business Days after such transfer difficulties, or the error or omission has been discovered.
If such provisions apply:
" Specified Indebtedness" means (i) with respect to Party A, any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money, except that indebtedness or obligations in respect of deposits received in the ordinary course of a party's banking business shall not constitute Specified Indebtedness; and (ii) with respect to Party B, (a) any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money and (b) any Derivative Transaction other than a Specified Transaction.
1	 ISDA ® 1992
"Derivative Transaction " means: (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto) which is a rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index forward, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, repurchase transaction, reverse repurchase transaction, precious metals transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions); and (b) any combination of these transactions.
" Threshold Amount" means
(i)           with respect to Party A, 3% of the stockholders' equity (however described) of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. as shown on the most recent annual audited financial statements of Citizens Financial Group, Inc. and
(ii)           with respect to Party B, or any Specified Entity or Credit Support Provider, 3% of the stockholders' equity (however described) of Party B or the relevant Specified Entity or the Credit Support Provider as shown on the most recent annual audited financial statements of Party B or the relevant Specified Entity or the Credit Support Provider or financial statements acceptable to Party A in its sole discretion; provided, however, the Threshold Amount for any Derivative Transaction shall be zero.
(d)	 The "Credit Event Upon Merger" provisions of Section 5(b)(iv) will apply to Party A and will apply to Party B, amended as follows:
"'Credit Event Upon Merger' shall mean that a Designated Event (as defined below) occurs with respect to a party, any Credit Support Provider of the party or any applicable Specified Entity (any such party or entity, "X"), and such Designated Event does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii) but the creditworthiness of X, or, if applicable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of X, is materially weaker than that of X immediately prior to such event. In any such case the Affected Party shall be the party with respect to which, or with respect to the Credit Support Provider or Specified Entity of which, the Designated Event occurred, or, if applicable, the successor, surviving or transferee entity of such party. For purposes hereof, a Designated Event means that, after the date hereof:
(i)	 X consolidates, amalgamates with or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, or receives all or substantially all the assets or obligations of, another entity; or
(ii)	 any person or entity acquires directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of equity securities having the power to elect a majority of the board of directors of X or otherwise acquires directly or indirectly the power to control the policy-making decisions of X."
(e)	 The "Automatic Early Termination" provision of Section 6(a) will not apply to Party A and will not apply to Party B.
(f)	 " Payments on Early Termination". For the purpose of Section 6(e) of this Agreement:
2	 ISDA ® 1992
(i)	 Loss will apply
(ii)	 The Second Method will apply.
(g)	 " Termination Currency" means United States Dollars.
(h)	 " Additional Termination Event" will apply. Each of the following shall constitute an Additional Termination Event:
(i)	 If Party B's obligations to Party A under this Agreement:
(A)	 cease to be secured pursuant to any Credit Support Document, as such term is defined herein; or
(B)	 cease to be equally and ratably secured with Party B's obligations to the senior Lenders pursuant to any Credit Support Document.
(ii)	 Any Collateral under any Credit Support Document is released at any time when Party A, or an Affiliate of Party A, is not a party to the Credit Support Document, unless Party A or an Affiliate of Party A shall have consented in writing prior to such release (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) or unless otherwise permitted under the Credit Support Document.
(iii)	 Party A or any of its Affiliates terminates its obligation to extend credit to Party B, for any reason (including as a result of a pre-payment of borrowed money by Party B).
(iv)	 With respect to Party B, any default by Party B (howsoever defined) under the Credit Agreement. "Credit Agreement" means the First Amendment and Waiver to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of May 9, 2016 by and between Party B, Party A, Bankunit4ed, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent for the Lender thereunder, as may be subsequently amended, restated, extended, supplemented, or otherwise modified in writing from time to time. All capitalized terms used herein that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement.
For the purpose of the foregoing Additional Termination Events, Party B shall be deemed to be the sole Affected Party.
Part 2
Tax Representations
(a)	 Payer Tax Representation. For the purpose of Section 3(e), Party A and Party B hereby make the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement. In making this representation, it may rely on:
(i)	 the accuracy of any representation made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f);
3	 ISDA ® 1992
(ii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii); and
(iii)	 the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d);
provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f), Party A and Party B make the representation(s) specified below:
(i)	 The following representation applies to Party A:
Party A is a national bank organized under the laws of the United States of America.
(ii)	 The following representation applies to Party B:
Party B is a corporation organized under the laws of the state of New York.
(c)	 Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule(Payer Tax Representations) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement.
Part 3
Agreement to Deliver Documents
For the purpose of Sections 4(a) (i) and (ii) of this Agreement, each party agrees to deliver the following documents, as applicable:
Party   required  to 	 Form/Document/ 	 Date by which to be 	 Covered   by  Section deliver document 	 Certificate 	 delivered 	 3(d) Representation Party A & B 	 Any form or document 	 As soon as practicable 	 Yes reasonably requested by 	 after request.
the other party to permit payments without (or with minimal) withholding of Tax as specified in Section 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement.
4	 ISDA ® 1992
Party A & B 	 Signing Authority, being 	 Upon execution of this 	 Yes evidence of authority, 	 Agreement and, if incumbency and specimen 	 requested, any signature of each person 	 Confirmation.
executing any document on its behalf or on behalf of each Credit Support Provider of such party in connection with this Agreement and each Credit Support Document.
Party B 	 Authorizing resolution of 	 Upon execution of this 	 Yes managing board (e.g., 	 Agreement and, if Certified Board of 	 requested, any Directors Resolution or 	 Confirmation.
Certificate of Managing Partner) approving each type of Transaction contemplated hereunder and the arrangements contemplated herein.
Party B            	 Audited annual financial 	 Initially, upon execution 	 Yes statements and unaudited 	 of this Agreement, then quarterly financial 	 upon request by Party A statements, and related statement of earnings and changes in financial condition, each prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and reasonably satisfactory to Party A.
Party B 	 Return of executed 	            On or before execution 	  No General Statement of Risks  	 of this Agreement Associated With Swap Transactions
5	 ISDA ® 1992
Part 4
Miscellaneous
(a)	 Addresses for Notices. For the purposes of Section 12(a) of this Agreement:
(i)	 All notices or communications to Party A shall, with respect to a particular Transaction, be sent to the address, telex number, or facsimile number reflected in the Confirmation of that Transaction:
Address: 	 Citizens Bank, National Association 100 Sockanosset Cross Rd Cranston, RI  02920 Attention: 	 Derivatives Operations Telephone: 	 (401) 282-7250 Facsimile: 	 (401) 282-7718
Address: 	 Citizens Bank, National Association 28 State Street Boston, MA 02109 Attention:   	 Legal Department Telephone: 	 (617) 725-5813 Facsimile: 	 (617) 725-5620
(ii)	 All notices or communications to Party B shall be sent to the address, telex number, or facsimile number reflected below:
Address: 	 CPI Aerostructures, Inc.
91 Heartland Blvd Edgewood, NY 11717 Attention: 	 Vince Palazzolo Telephone: 	 (631) 586-5200 Facsimile: 	 (631) 586-5840 Email: 	 Vpalazzolo@cpiaero.com
(iii)	 Notices. Section 12(a) is amended by adding in the third line thereof after the phrase "messaging system" and before the ")" the words " ; provided, however, any such _notice or other communication may be given by facsimile transmission (it being agreed that the sender shall verbally confirm receipt with an officer of the receiving party) "._
(b)	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13 (c) of this Agreement:
Party A appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
Party B appoints as its Process Agent: Not applicable.
(c)	 Offices. Section 10(a) will apply to this Agreement.
(d)	 Multibranch Party. For the purpose of Section 10(c) of this Agreement:
(i)	 Party A is not a Multibranch Party (ii)	 Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e)	 Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent is Party A.
6	 ISDA ® 1992
(f)	 Credit Support Document. Details of any Credit Support Document:
With respect to Party A: not applicable; and
With respect to Party B: (i) any guaranty or third party letter of credit in favor of Party A or any of Party A's Affiliates in respect of Party B's obligations hereunder (ii) any credit support annex, (iii) other collateral arrangement, the intent of which is to provide a security interest in favor of Party A with respect to Party B's obligations hereunder, and (iv) and any other document (including, without limitation, any agreement extending credit to Party B) that secures or otherwise supports the obligations of Party B hereunder.
(g)	 Credit Support Provider. Credit Support Provider means:
With respect to Party A: not applicable; and
With respect to Party B: any entity other than Party B that provides a Credit Support Document and each party to a Credit Support Document that provides or is obligated to provide security, a guaranty or other credit support for Party B's obligations hereunder.
(h)	 Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York (without reference to choice of law doctrine).
(i)	 Netting of Payments. Subparagraph (ii) of Section 2(c) will apply, provided that Section 2(c)(ii) will not apply to FX Transactions.
(j)	 " Affiliate" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
Part 5
Other Provisions
(a)	 Definitions. The definitions and provisions contained in the 2006 ISDA Definitions (the  "2006 ISDA Definitions") as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. are hereby incorporated into this Agreement by reference. For these purposes, all references in the 2006 ISDA Definitions to a "Swap Transaction" shall be deemed to apply to each Transaction entered into hereunder.
7	 ISDA ® 1992
(b)	 Set-off. Section 6 of this Agreement is hereby amended by adding the following subsection  at the end thereof:
"(f) Set-Off. Without affecting the provisions of this Agreement requiring the calculation of certain net payment amounts, all payments under this Agreement will be made without set off or counterclaim, except as provided as follows in this Section 6(f): Any amount (the " Early Termination Amount") payable to one party (the Payee) by the other party (the  Payer) under Section 6(e), in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or one Affected Party under either the Termination Event in Section 5(b)(iv) (if made applicable) or any Additional Termination Event will, at the option of the Non-Defaulting or non-Affected Party (as the case may be) (in either case "X") (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party - in either case, "Y") be reduced by its set-off and re-coupment against any amount(s) (the "Other Agreement Amount(s)") payable (whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by the Payee to the Payer (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation ) under any other agreement(s) or undertaking(s) between the parties or instruments issued or executed by one party to, or in favor of, the other party (and the Other Agreement Amount(s) will be discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off). X will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected under this Section 6(f).
For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Agreement Amount(s) (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at which X would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency.
If an obligation is unascertained, X may in good faith estimate that obligation and set-off in respect of the estimate, subject to the relevant party accounting to the other when the obligation is ascertained.
Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This Section 6(f) shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise").
(c)	 Representations and Warranties. Section 3(a) is amended by adding the following  paragraphs (vi), (vii) and (viii):
"(vi)          No Agency. It is entering into this Agreement and each Transaction as principal (and not as agent or in any other capacity, fiduciary or otherwise).
(vii)           Eligible Contract Participant. Each of Party A and Party B represents to the other(which representation shall be deemed repeated on each date a Transaction is entered into or amended) that it is an "eligible contract participant" as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, and as such term may be further amended or interpreted under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act.
(viii)           Anti-Money Laundering. It has adopted and implemented anti-money laundering policies, procedures and controls that comply and will continue to comply in all respects with the requirements of the anti- money laundering laws and regulations to which it is subject, and it strictly adheres to such policies, procedures and controls. In accordance with these policies, procedures and controls, it verifies the identities of, and conducts due diligence (and, where appropriate, enhanced due diligence) with regard to its customers."
8	 ISDA ® 1992
(d)	 Relationship Between Parties. In connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, of  this Agreement, and any other documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party or that it is required by this Agreement to deliver, each party hereby represents and warrants, and, in connection with the negotiation of, the entering into, and the confirming of the execution of each Transaction, each party will be deemed to represent, to the other party as of the date hereof (or, in connection with any Transaction, as of the date which it enters into such Transaction) that (absent a written agreement between the parties that expressly imposes affirmative obligations to the contrary for that Transaction):-
(i)           Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into that Transaction and as to whether that Transaction is appropriate or proper for it based upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into that Transaction; it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of a Transaction shall not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into that Transaction. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party shall be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of that Transaction.
(ii)           Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts the terms, conditions and risks of that Transaction. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of that Transaction.
(iii)           Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of that Transaction.
(iv)           Related Transactions. It is aware that each other party to this Agreement and its Affiliates may from time to time (A) take positions in instruments that are identical or economically related to a Transaction or
(B) have an investment banking or other commercial relationship with the issuer of an instrument underlying a Transaction.
(e)	 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES  ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT THIS WAIVER IS A MATERIAL INDUCEMENT TO THE OTHER PARTY'S ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT.
(f)	 Consent to Recording. Each party hereto consents to the monitoring or recording, at any  time and from time to time, by the other party of the telephone conversations of trading and marketing personnel of the parties and their authorized representatives in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction or potential Transaction; and the parties, waive any further notice of such monitoring or recording and agree to give proper notice and obtain any necessary consent of such personnel for any such monitoring or recording.
(g)	 Outstanding Specified Transactions. Upon the effectiveness of this Agreement, all  Specified Transactions then outstanding between the parties (regardless of when entered into), shall, unless the parties express their intent to not be subject to this Agreement by referencing the date hereof and this Part 5(g), be subject to the terms hereof.
9	 ISDA ® 1992
(h)	 Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions contained in this Agreement is  held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such provisions shall be severed from this Agreement to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability, unless such severance shall substantially impair the benefits of the remaining portions of this Agreement. The Agreement after such severance shall remain the valid, binding and enforceable obligation of the parties hereto.
(i)	 Payment Instructions. All payments to be made hereunder in respect of Transactions shall  be made in accordance with standing payment instructions provided by the parties (or as otherwise specified in a Confirmation).
(j)	 Collateral and Security Interest. Party B hereby represents and warrants that the  obligations that are secured by any collateral or security interest granted pursuant to the Credit Support Documents with respect to Party B shall include any obligation pursuant to this Agreement and hereby represents and covenants that any approvals or consents that are necessary to make this Part 5(j) enforceable have been obtained.
(k)	 Consent to Transfer.Section 7 of this Agreement is amended by deleting the word "and" at the end of sub-paragraph (a); replacing the period at the end of sub-paragraph (b) with the phrase "; and"; and inserting the following sub-paragraph:
"(c) Party A may transfer, without the consent of Party B (or any Credit Support Provider of Party B), this Agreement and all or any portion of the Transactions under this Agreement in the event that any of Party B's obligation(s) to Party A or its Affiliates, as identified in Part 4 of this Agreement, are sold, transferred, or otherwise assigned by Party A or its Affiliates to one or more banks or financial institutions, in which case Party B (and each Credit Support Provider of Party B) shall execute, or cause to be executed, such documents, instruments and agreements, including without limitation, amendments to this Agreement, as Party A shall deem necessary to effect the foregoing."
(l)	 Confidential Information. Party A may share any information concerning Party B with its  Affiliates.
(m)	 Negative Pledge/Equally Ratable. So long as any of the obligations under this Agreement  remain outstanding, Party B will not create any mortgage, pledge, lien or other security interest (each a "Security Interest") on any of its assets unless (i) a Security Interest arises by operation of law, or (ii) the Security Interest is a permitted lien as defined in the Credit Agreement.
Part 6
FX Transactions and Currency Options
(a)	 The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions. Unless the parties expressly agree otherwise in the Confirmation, any Confirmation entered into by the parties in relation to a transaction which is an FX Transaction or a Currency Option Transaction as defined in the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions published by ISDA, the Emerging Markets Traders Association and the Foreign Exchange Committee (the "FX and Currency Option Definitions") will be deemed to incorporate the FX and Currency Option Definitions. All capitalized terms used in this Part 6 that are not otherwise defined shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the FX and Currency Option Definitions.
10	 ISDA ® 1992
(b)	 Scope. Unless otherwise agreed in writing by the parties, any FX Transactions or Currency Option Transactions now existing or hereafter entered into between the parties shall constitute a "Transaction" under this Agreement and shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, even if the Confirmation in respect thereof does not state that such Specified Transaction is subject to or governed by this Agreement or does not otherwise reference this Agreement.
(c)	 Payment Instructions. All payments to be made hereunder in respect of FX Transactions or Currency Option Transactions shall be made in accordance with standing payment instructions provided in writing from time to time by the parties (or as otherwise specified in a Confirmation).
11	 ISDA ® 1992
Please confirm your agreement to the terms of the foregoing Schedule by signing below.
CITIZENS BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION 	   	   	 CPI AEROSTRUCTURES, INC.
/s/ 	 /s/ Jamie Salas 	   	   	 /s/ 	 Vincent Palazzolo Name: Jamie Salas 	   	   	   	 Name: Vincent Palazzolo Title: Senior Vice President 	   	   	   	 Title: Chief Financial Officer
12	 ISDA ® 1992
