EX-10.1 2 gntx09302014ex101.htm EXHIBIT
Exhibit 10.1
(Multicurrency-Cross Border)
ISDA®
International Swap Dealers Association. Inc.
MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of October 1, 2014
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. and Gentex Corporation
have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or more transactions (each a "Transaction") that are or will be governed by this Master Agreement, which includes the schedule (the "Schedule"), and the documents and other confirming evidence (each a "Confirmation") exchanged between the parties confirming those Transactions.
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:-
1.	 Interpretation
(a)Definitions. The terms defined in Section 14 and in the Schedule will have the meanings therein specified for the purpose of this Master Agreement.
(b)Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Schedule and the other provisions of this Master Agreement, the Schedule will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation and this Master Agreement (including the Schedule), such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the relevant Transaction.
(c)Single Agreement. All Transactions are entered into in reliance on the fact that this Master Agreement and all Confirmations form a single agreement between the parties (collectively referred to as this "Agreement"), and the parties would not otherwise enter into any Transactions.
2.	 Obligations
(a)General Conditions.
(i)Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each Confirmation to be made by it, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement.
(ii)Payments under this Agreement will be made on the due date for value on that date in the place of the account specified in the relevant Confirmation or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, in freely transferable funds and in the manner customary for payments in the required currency. Where settlement is by delivery (that is, other than by payment), such delivery will be made for receipt on the due date in the manner customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement.
(iii)Each obligation of each party under Section 2(a)(i) is subject to (1) the condition precedent that no Event of Default or Potential Event of Default with respect to the other party has occurred and is continuing, (2) the condition precedent that no Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction has occurred or been effectively designated and (3) each other applicable condition precedent specified in this Agreement.
Copyright (C)1992 by International Swap Dealers Association, Inc.
1ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
(b)Change of Account. Either party may change its account for receiving a payment or delivery by giving notice to the other party at least five Local Business Days prior to the scheduled date for the payment or delivery to which such change applies unless such other party gives timely notice of a reasonable objection to such change.
(c)	 Netting. If on any date amounts would otherwise be payable:-
(i)	 in the same currency; and (ii)	 in respect of the same Transaction,
by each party to the other, then, on such date, each party's obligation to make payment of any such amount will be automatically satisfied and discharged and, if the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by one party exceeds the aggregate amount that would otherwise have been payable by the other party, replaced by an obligation upon the party by whom the larger aggregate amount would have been payable to pay to the other party the excess of the larger aggregate amount over the smaller aggregate amount.
The parties may elect in respect of two or more Transactions that a net amount will be determined in respect of all amounts payable on the same date in the same currency in respect of such Transactions, regardless of whether such amounts are payable in respect of the same Transaction. The election may be made in the Schedule or a Confirmation by specifying that subparagraph (ii) above will not apply to the Transactions identified as being subject to the election, together with the starting date (in which case subparagraph (ii) above will not, or will cease to, apply to such Transactions from such date).
This election may be made separately for different groups of Transactions and will apply separately to each pairing of Offices through which the parties make and receive payments or deliveries.
(d)	 Deduction or Withholding for Tax.
(i)Gross-Up. All payments under this Agreement will be made without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax unless such deduction or withholding is required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, then in effect. If a party is so required to deduct or withhold, then that party ("X") will:-
(1)promptly notify the other party ("Y") of such requirement;
(2)pay to the relevant authorities the full amount required to be deducted or withheld (including the full amount required to be deducted or withheld from any additional amount paid by X to Y under this Section 2(d)) promptly upon the earlier of determining that such deduction or withholding is required or receiving notice that such amount has been assessed against Y;
(3)promptly forward to Y an official receipt (or a certified copy), or other documentation reasonably acceptable to Y, evidencing such payment to such authorities; and
(4)if such Tax is an Indemnifiable Tax, pay to Y, in addition to the payment to which Y is otherwise entitled under this Agreement, such additional amount as is necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by Y (free and clear of Indemnifiable Taxes, whether assessed against X or Y) will equal the full amount Y would have received had no such deduction or withholding been required. However, X will not be required to pay any additional amount to Y to the extent that it would not be required to be paid but for:-
(A)the failure by Y to comply with or perform any agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i), 4(a)(iii) or 4(d); or
(B)the failure of a representation made by Y pursuant to Section 3(f) to be accurate and true unless such failure would not have occurred but for (I) any action taken by a taxing authority, or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction, on or after the date on which a Transaction is entered into (regardless of whether such action is taken or brought with respect to a party to this Agreement) or (II) a Change in Tax Law.
(ii)	 Liability. If:-
2ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
(1)X is required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, to make any deduction or withholding in respect of which X would not be required to pay an additional amount to Y under Section 2(d)(i)(4);
(2)	 X does not so deduct or withhold; and
(3)	 a liability resulting from such Tax is assessed directly against X,
then, except to the extent Y has satisfied or then satisfies the liability resulting from such Tax, Y will promptly pay to X the amount of such liability (including any related liability for interest, but including any related liability for penalties only if Y has failed to comply with or perform any agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i), 4(a)(iii) or 4(d)).
(e)Default Interest; Other Amounts. Prior to the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction, a party that defaults in the performance of any payment obligation will, to the extent permitted by law and subject to Section 6(c), be required to pay interest (before as well as after judgment) on the overdue amount to the other party on demand in the same currency as such overdue amount, for the period from (and including) the original due date for payment to (but excluding) the date of actual payment, at the Default Rate. Such interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed. If, prior to the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date in respect of the relevant Transaction, a party defaults in the performance of any obligation required to be settled by delivery, it will compensate the other party on demand if and to the extent provided for in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement.
3. Representations
Each party represents to the other party (which representations will be deemed to be repeated by each party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into and, in the case of the representations in Section 3(f), at all times until the termination of this Agreement) that:¾
(a)Basic Representations.
(i)Status. It is duly organised and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organisation or incorporation and, if relevant under such laws, in good standing;
(ii)Powers. It has the power to execute this Agreement and any other documentation relating to this Agreement to which it is a party, to deliver this Agreement and any other documentation relating to this Agreement that it is required by this Agreement to deliver and to perform its obligations under this Agreement and any obligations it has under any Credit Support Document to which it is a party and has taken all necessary action to authorise such execution, delivery and performance;
(iii)No Violation or Conflict. Such execution, delivery and performance do not violate or conflict with any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets;
(iv)Consents. All governmental and other consents that are required to have been obtained by it with respect to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party have been obtained and are in full force and effect and all conditions of any such consents have been complied with; and
(v)Obligations Binding. Its obligations under this Agreement and any Credit Support Document to which it is a party constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, reorganisation, insolvency, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors' rights generally and subject, as to enforceability, to equitable principles of general application (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a proceeding in equity or at law)).
3ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
(b)Absence of Certain Events. No Event of Default or Potential Event of Default or, to its knowledge, Termination Event with respect to it has occurred and is continuing and no such event or circumstance would occur as a result of its entering into or performing its obligations under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party.
(c)Absence of Litigation. There is not pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it or any of its Affiliates any action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity or before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency or official or any arbitrator that is likely to affect the legality, validity or enforceability against it of this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party or its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or such Credit Support Document.
(d)Accuracy of Specified Information. All applicable information that is furnished in writing by or on behalf of it to the other party and is identified for the purpose of this Section 3(d) in the Schedule is, as of the date of the information, true, accurate and complete in every material respect.
(e)Payer Tax Representation. Each representation specified in the Schedule as being made by it for the purpose of this Section 3(e) is accurate and true.
(f)Payee Tax Representations. Each representation specified in the Schedule as being made by it for the purpose of this Section 3(f) is accurate and true.
4. Agreements
Each party agrees with the other that, so long as either party has or may have any obligation under this Agreement or under any Credit Support Document to which it is a party:¾
(a)Furnish Specified Information. It will deliver to the other party or, in certain cases under subparagraph (iii) below, to such government or taxing authority as the other party reasonably directs:¾
(i)any forms, documents or certificates relating to taxation specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation;
(ii)	 any other documents specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation; and
(iii)upon reasonable demand by such other party, any form or document that may be required or reasonably requested in writing in order to allow such other party or its Credit Support Provider to make a payment under this Agreement or any applicable Credit Support Document without any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax or with such deduction or withholding at a reduced rate (so long as the completion, execution or submission of such form or document would not materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of the party in receipt of such demand), with any such form or document to be accurate and completed in a manner reasonably satisfactory to such other party and to be executed and to be delivered with any reasonably required certification,
in each case by the date specified in the Schedule or such Confirmation or, if none is specified, as soon as reasonably practicable.
(b)Maintain Authorisations. It will use all reasonable efforts to maintain in full force and effect all consents of any governmental or other authority that are required to be obtained by it with respect to this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party and will use all reasonable efforts to obtain any that may become necessary in the future.
(c)Comply with Laws. It will comply in all material respects with all applicable laws and orders to which it may be subject if failure so to comply would materially impair its ability to perform its obligations under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it is a party.
(d)Tax Agreement. It will give notice of any failure of a representation made by it under Section 3(f) to be accurate and true promptly upon learning of such failure.
4ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
(e)Payment of Stamp Tax. Subject to Section 11, it will pay any Stamp Tax levied or imposed upon it or in respect of its execution or performance of this Agreement by a jurisdiction in which it is incorporated,
organised, managed and controlled, or considered to have its seat, or in which a branch or office through which it is acting for the purpose of this Agreement is located ("Stamp Tax Jurisdiction") and will indemnify the other party against any Stamp Tax levied or imposed upon the other party or in respect of the other party's execution or performance of this Agreement by any such Stamp Tax Jurisdiction which is not also a Stamp Tax Jurisdiction with respect to the other party.
5. Events of Default and Termination Events
(a)Events of Default. The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, if applicable, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any Specified Entity of such party of any of the following events constitutes an event of default (an "Event of Default") with respect to such party:-
(i)Failure to Pay or Deliver. Failure by the party to make, when due, any payment under this Agreement or delivery under Section 2(a)(i) or 2(e) required to be made by it if such failure is not remedied on or before the third Local Business Day after notice of such failure is given to the party;
(ii)Breach of Agreement. Failure by the party to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation (other than an obligation to make any payment under this Agreement or delivery under Section 2(a)(i) or 2(e) or to give notice of a Termination Event or any agreement or obligation under Section 4(a)(i), 4(a)(iii) or 4(d)) to be complied with or performed by the party in accordance with this Agreement if such failure is not remedied on or before the thirtieth day after notice of such failure is given to the party;
(iii)	 Credit Support Default.
(1)Failure by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such party to comply with or perform any agreement or obligation to be complied with or performed by it in accordance with any Credit Support Document if such failure is continuing after any applicable grace period has elapsed;
(2)the expiration or termination of such Credit Support Document or the failing or ceasing of such Credit Support Document to be in full force and effect for the purpose of this Agreement (in either case other than in accordance with its terms) prior to the satisfaction of all obligations of such party under each Transaction to which such Credit Support Document relates without the written consent of the other party; or
(3)the party or such Credit Support Provider disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, or challenges the validity of, such Credit Support Document;
(iv)Misrepresentation. A representation (other than a representation under Section 3(e) or (f)) made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated by the party or any Credit Support Provider of such party in this Agreement or any Credit Support Document proves to have been incorrect or misleading in any material respect when made or repeated or deemed to have been made or repeated;
(v)Default under Specified Transaction. The party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party (1) defaults under a Specified Transaction and, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, there occurs a liquidation of, an acceleration of obligations under, or an early termination of, that Specified Transaction, (2) defaults, after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period, in making any payment or delivery due on the last payment, delivery or exchange date of, or any payment on early termination of, a Specified Transaction (or such default continues for at least three Local Business Days if there is no applicable notice requirement or grace period) or
(3) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, a Specified Transaction (or such action is taken by any person or entity appointed or empowered to operate it or act on its behalf);
5ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
(vi)Cross Default. If "Cross Default" is specified in the Schedule as applying to the party, the occurrence or existence of (1) a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however
described) in respect of such party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party under one or more agreements or instruments relating to Specified Indebtedness of any of them (individually or collectively) in an aggregate amount of not less than the applicable Threshold Amount (as specified in the Schedule) which has resulted in such Specified Indebtedness becoming, or becoming capable at such time of being declared, due and payable under such agreements or instruments, before it would otherwise have been due and payable or (2) a default by such party, such Credit Support Provider or such Specified Entity (individually or collectively) in making one or more payments on the due date thereof in an aggregate amount of not less than the applicable Threshold Amount under such agreements or instruments (after giving effect to any applicable notice requirement or grace period);
(vii)Bankruptcy. The party, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party:-
(1)is dissolved (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (2) becomes insolvent or is unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due;
(3) makes a general assignment, arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors; (4) institutes or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or any other relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other similar law affecting creditors' rights, or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (A) results in a judgment of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its winding-up or liquidation or (B) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case within 30 days of the institution or presentation thereof; (5) has a resolution passed for its winding-up, official management or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger); (6) seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all its assets;
(7) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within 30 days thereafter; (8) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in clauses (1) to (7) (inclusive); or (9) takes any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any of the foregoing acts; or
(viii)Merger Without Assumption. The party or any Credit Support Provider of such party consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, another entity and, at the time of such consolidation, amalgamation, merger or transfer:-
(1)the resulting, surviving or transferee entity fails to assume all the obligations of such party or such Credit Support Provider under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document to which it or its predecessor was a party by operation of law or pursuant to an agreement reasonably satisfactory to the other party to this Agreement; or
(2)the benefits of any Credit Support Document fail to extend (without the consent of the other party) to the performance by such resulting, surviving or transferee entity of its obligations under this Agreement.
(b)Termination Events. The occurrence at any time with respect to a party or, if applicable, any Credit Support Provider of such party or any Specified Entity of such party of any event specified below constitutes
6ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
an Illegality if the event is specified in (i) below, a Tax Event if the event is specified in (ii) below or a Tax Event upon Merger if the event is specified in (iii) below, and, if specified to be applicable, a Credit Event
Upon Merger if the event is specified pursuant to (iv) below or an Additional Termination Event if the event is specified pursuant to (v) below:-
(i)Illegality. Due to the adoption of, or any change in, any applicable law after the date on which a Transaction is entered into, or due to the promulgation of, or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal or regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law after such date, it becomes unlawful (other than as a result of a breach by the party of Section 4(b)) for such party (which will be the Affected Party):-
(1)to perform any absolute or contingent obligation to make a payment or delivery or to receive a payment or delivery in respect of such Transaction or to comply with any other material provision of this Agreement relating to such Transaction; or
(2)to perform, or for any Credit Support Provider of such party to perform, any contingent or other obligation which the party (or such Credit Support Provider) has under any Credit Support Document relating to such Transaction;
(ii)Tax Event. Due to (x) any action taken by a taxing authority, or brought in a court of competent jurisdiction, on or after the date on which a Transaction is entered into (regardless of whether such action is taken or brought with respect to a party to this Agreement) or (y) a Change in Tax Law, the party (which will be the Affected Party) will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it will, on the next succeeding Scheduled Payment Date (1) be required to pay to the other party an additional amount in respect of an Indemnifiable Tax under Section 2(d)(i)(4) (except in respect of interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) or (2) receive a payment from which an amount is required to be deducted or withheld for or on account of a Tax (except in respect of interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) and no additional amount is required to be paid in respect of such Tax under Section 2(d)(i)(4) (other than by reason of Section 2(d)(i)(4)(A) or (B));
(iii)Tax Event Upon Merger. The party (the "Burdened Party") on the next succeeding Scheduled Payment Date will either (1) be required to pay an additional amount in respect of an Indemnifiable Tax under Section 2(d)(i)(4) (except in respect of interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e)) or (2) receive a payment from which an amount has been deducted or withheld for or on account of any Indemnifiable Tax in respect of which the other party is not required to pay an additional amount (other than by reason of Section 2(d)(i)(4)(A) or (B)), in either case as a result of a party consolidating or amalgamating with, or merging with or into, or transferring all or substantially all its assets to, another entity (which will be the Affected Party) where such action does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii);
(iv)Credit Event Upon Merger. If "Credit Event Upon Merger" is specified in the Schedule as applying to the party, such party ("X"), any Credit Support Provider of X or any applicable Specified Entity of X consolidates or amalgamates with, or merges with or into, or transfers all or substantially all its assets to, another entity and such action does not constitute an event described in Section 5(a)(viii) but the creditworthiness of the resulting, surviving or transferee entity is materially weaker than that of X, such Credit Support Provider or such Specified Entity, as the case may be, immediately prior to such action (and, in such event, X or its successor or transferee, as appropriate, will be the Affected Party); or
(v)Additional Termination Event. If any "Additional Termination Event" is specified in the Schedule or any Confirmation as applying, the occurrence of such event (and, in such event, the Affected Party or Affected Parties shall be as specified for such Additional Termination Event in the Schedule or such Confirmation).
(c)Event of Default and Illegality. If an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or
7ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
give rise to an Event of Default also constitutes an Illegality, it will be treated as an Illegality and will not constitute an Event of Default.
1.	 Early Termination
(a)Right to Terminate Following Event of Default. If at any time an Event of Default with respect to a party (the "Defaulting Party") has occurred and is then continuing, the other party (the "Non-defaulting Party") may, by not more than 20 days notice to the Defaulting Party specifying the relevant Event of Default, designate a day not earlier than the day such notice is effective as an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Transactions. If, however, "Automatic Early Termination" is specified in the Schedule as applying to a party, then an Early Termination Date in respect of all outstanding Transactions will occur immediately upon the occurrence with respect to such party of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(l), (3), (5), (6) or, to the extent analogous thereto, (8), and as of the time immediately preceding the institution of the relevant proceeding or the presentation of the relevant petition upon the occurrence with respect to such party of an Event of Default specified in Section 5(a)(vii)(4) or, to the extent analogous thereto, (8).
(b)	 Right to Terminate Following Termination Event.
(i)Notice. If a Termination Event occurs, an Affected Party will, promptly upon becoming aware of it, notify the other party, specifying the nature of that Termination Event and each Affected Transaction and will also give such other information about that Termination Event as the other party may reasonably require.
(ii)Transfer to Avoid Termination Event. If either an Illegality under Section 5(b)(i)(l) or a Tax Event occurs and there is only one Affected Party, or if a Tax Event Upon Merger occurs and the Burdened Party is the Affected Party, the Affected Party will, as a condition to its right to designate an Early Termination Date under Section 6(b)(iv), use all reasonable efforts (which will not require such party to incur a loss, excluding immaterial, incidental expenses) to transfer within 20 days after it gives notice under Section 6(b)(i) all its rights and obligations under this Agreement in respect of the Affected Transactions to another of its Offices or Affiliates so that such Termination Event ceases to exist.
If the Affected Party is not able to make such a transfer it will give notice to the other party to that effect within such 20 day period, whereupon the other party may effect such a transfer within 30 days after notice is given under Section 6(b)(i).
Any such transfer by a party under this Section 6(b)(ii) will be subject to and conditional upon the prior written consent of the other party, which consent will not be withheld if such other party's policies in effect at such time would permit it to enter into transactions with the transferee on the terms proposed.
(iii)Two Affected Parties. If an Illegality under Section 5(b)(i)(1) or a Tax Event occurs and there are two Affected Parties, each party will use all reasonable efforts to reach agreement within 30 days after notice thereof is given under Section 6(b)(i) on action to avoid that Termination Event.
(iv)	 Right to Terminate. If:-
(1)a transfer under Section 6(b)(ii) or an agreement under Section 6(b)(iii), as the case may be, has not been effected with respect to all Affected Transactions within 30 days after an Affected Party gives notice under Section 6(b)(i); or
(2)an Illegality under Section 5(b)(i)(2), a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event occurs, or a Tax Event Upon Merger occurs and the Burdened Party is not the Affected Party,
either party in the case of an Illegality, the Burdened Party in the case of a Tax Event Upon Merger,
8ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
any Affected Party in the case of a Tax Event or an Additional Termination Event if there is more than one Affected Party, or the party which is not the Affected Party in the case of a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event if there is only one Affected Party may, by not more than
20 days notice to the other party and provided that the relevant Termination Event is then
continuing, designate a day not earlier than the day such notice is effective as an Early Termination Date in respect of all Affected Transactions.
(c)	 Effect of Designation.
(i)If notice designating an Early Termination Date is given under Section 6(a) or (b), the Early Termination Date will occur on the date so designated, whether or not the relevant Event of Default or Termination Event is then continuing.
(ii)Upon the occurrence or effective designation of an Early Termination Date, no further payments or deliveries under Section 2(a)(i) or 2(e) in respect of the Terminated Transactions will be required to be made, but without prejudice to the other provisions of this Agreement. The amount if any, payable in respect of an Early Termination Date shall be determined pursuant to Section 6(e).
(d)	 Calculations.
(i)Statement. On or as soon as reasonably practicable following the occurrence of an Early Termination Date, each party will make the calculations on its part, if any, contemplated by Section 6(e) and will provide to the other party a statement (1) showing, in reasonable detail, such calculations (including all relevant quotations and specifying any amount payable under Section 6(e)) and (2) giving details of the relevant account to which any amount payable to it is to be paid. In the absence of written confirmation from the source of a quotation obtained in determining a Market Quotation, the records of the party obtaining such quotation will be conclusive evidence of the existence and accuracy of such quotation.
(ii)Payment Date. An amount calculated as being due in respect of any Early Termination Date under Section 6(e) will be payable on the day that notice of the amount payable is effective (in the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated or occurs as a result of an Event of Default) and on the day which is two Local Business Days after the day on which notice of the amount payable is effective (in the case of an Early Termination Date which is designated as a result of a Termination Event). Such amount will be paid together with (to the extent permitted under applicable law) interest thereon (before as well as after judgment) in the Termination Currency, from (and including) the relevant Early Termination Date to (but excluding) the date such amount is paid, at the Applicable Rate. Such interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed.
(e)Payments on Early Termination. If an Early Termination Date occurs. the following provisions shall apply based on the parties' election in the Schedule of a payment measure, either "Market Quotation" or "Loss", and a payment method, either the "First Method" or the "Second Method". If the parties fail to designate a payment measure or payment method in the Schedule, it will be deemed that "Market Quotation" or the "Second Method", as the case may be, shall apply. The amount, if any, payable in respect of an Early Termination Date and determined pursuant to this Section will be subject to any Set-off.
(i)Events of Default. If the Early Termination Date results from an Event of Default:-
(1)First Method and Market Quotation. If the First Method and Market Quotation apply, the Defaulting Party will pay to the Non-defaulting Party the excess, if a positive number, of (A) the sum of the Settlement Amount (determined by the Non-defaulting Party) in respect of the Terminated Transactions and the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Non- defaulting Party over (B) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Defaulting Party.
9ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
(2)First Method and Loss. If the First Method and Loss apply, the Defaulting Party will pay to the Non-defaulting Party, if a positive number, the Non- defaulting Party's Loss in respect of this Agreement.
(3)Second Method and Market Quotation. If the Second Method and Market Quotation apply, an amount will be payable equal to (A) the sum of the Settlement Amount (determined by the
Non-defaulting Party) in respect of the Terminated Transactions and the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Non- defaulting Party less (B) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to the Defaulting Party. If that amount is a positive number, the Defaulting Party will pay it to the Non-defaulting Party; if it is a negative number, the Non-defaulting Party will pay the absolute value of that amount to the Defaulting Party.
(4)Second Method and Loss. If the Second Method and Loss apply, an amount will be payable equal to the Non-defaulting Party's Loss in respect of this Agreement. If that amount is a positive number, the Defaulting Party will pay it to the Non-defaulting Party; if it is a negative number, the Non-defaulting Party will pay the absolute value of that amount to the Defaulting Party.
(ii)	 Termination Events. If the Early Termination Date results from a Termination Event:-
(1)One Affected Party. If there is one Affected Party, the amount payable will be determined in accordance with Section 6(e)(i)(3), if Market Quotation applies, or Section 6(e)(i)(4), if Loss applies, except that, in either case, references to the Defaulting Party and to the Non-defaulting Party will be deemed to be references to the Affected Party and the party which is not the Affected Party, respectively, and, if Loss applies and fewer than all the Transactions are being terminated, Loss shall be calculated in respect of all Terminated Transactions.
(2)	 Two Affected Parties. If there are two Affected Parties:-
(A)if Market Quotation applies, each party will determine a Settlement Amount in respect of the Terminated Transactions, and an amount will be payable equal to (I) the sum of (a) one-half of the difference between the Settlement Amount of the party with the higher Settlement Amount ("X") and the Settlement Amount of the party with the lower Settlement Amount ("Y") and (b) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to X less (II) the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Unpaid Amounts owing to Y; and
(B)if Loss applies, each party will determine its Loss in respect of this Agreement (or, if fewer than all the Transactions are being terminated, in respect of all Terminated Transactions) and an amount will be payable equal to one-half of the difference between the Loss of the party with the higher Loss ("X") and the Loss of the party with the lower Loss ("Y").
If the amount payable is a positive number, Y will pay it to X; if it is a negative number, X will pay the absolute value of that amount to Y.
(iii)Adjustment for Bankruptcy. In circumstances where an Early Termination Date occurs because "Automatic Early Termination" applies in respect of a party, the amount determined under this Section 6(e) will be subject to such adjustments as are appropriate and permitted by law to
10ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
reflect any payments or deliveries made by one party to the other under this Agreement (and retained by such other party) during the period from the relevant Early Termination Date to the date for payment determined under Section 6(d)(ii).
(iv)Pre-Estimate. The parties agree that if Market Quotation applies an amount recoverable under this Section 6(e) is a reasonable pre-estimate of loss and not a penalty. Such amount is payable for the loss of bargain and the loss of protection against future risks and except as otherwise provided in this Agreement neither party will be entitled to recover any additional damages as a consequence of such losses.
2.	 Transfer
Subject to Section 6(b)(ii), neither this Agreement nor any interest or obligation in or under this Agreement may be transferred (whether by way of security or otherwise) by either party without the prior written consent of the other party, except that:-
(a)a party may make such a transfer of this Agreement pursuant to a consolidation or amalgamation with, or merger with or into, or transfer of all or substantially all its assets to, another entity (but without prejudice to any other right or remedy under this Agreement); and
(b)a party may make such a transfer of all or any part of its interest in any amount payable to it from a Defaulting Party under Section 6(e).
Any purported transfer that is not in compliance with this Section will be void.
3.	 Contractual Currency
(a)Payment in the Contractual Currency. Each payment under this Agreement will be made in the relevant currency specified in this Agreement for that payment (the "Contractual Currency"). To the extent permitted by applicable law, any obligation to make payments under this Agreement in the Contractual Currency will not be discharged or satisfied by any tender in any currency other than the Contractual Currency, except to the extent such tender results in the actual receipt by the party to which payment is owed, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith in converting the currency so tendered into this Contractual Currency, of the full amount in the Contractual Currency of all amounts payable in respect of this Agreement. If for any reason the amount in the Contractual Currency so received falls short of the amount in the Contractual Currency payable in respect of this Agreement, the party required to make the payment will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, immediately pay such additional amount in the Contractual Currency as may be necessary to compensate for the shortfall. If for any reason the amount in the Contractual Currency so received exceeds the amount in the Contractual Currency payable in respect of this Agreement, the party receiving the payment will refund promptly the amount of such excess.
(b)Judgments. To the extent permitted by applicable law, if any judgment or order expressed in a currency other than the Contractual Currency is rendered
(i) for the payment of any amount owing in respect of this Agreement, (ii) for the payment of any amount relating to any early termination in respect of this Agreement or (iii) in respect of a judgment or order of another court for the payment of any amount described in (i) or (ii) above, the party seeking recovery, after recovery in full of the aggregate amount to which such party is entitled pursuant to the judgment or order, will be entitled to receive immediately from the other party the amount of any shortfall of the Contractual Currency received by such party as a consequence of sums paid in such other currency and will refund promptly to the other party any excess of the Contractual Currency received by such party as a consequence of sums paid in such other currency if such shortfall or such excess arises or results from any variation between the rate of exchange at which the Contractual Currency is converted into the currency of the judgment or order for the purposes of such judgment or order and the rate of exchange at which such party is able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith in converting the currency received into the Contractual Currency, to purchase the Contractual Currency with the amount of the currency of the judgment or order actually received by such party. The term "rate of exchange" includes, without limitation, any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of or
11ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
conversion into the Contractual Currency.
(c ) Separate Indemnities. To the extent permitted by applicable law, these indemnities constitute separate and independent obligations from the other obligations in this Agreement, will be enforceable as separate and independent causes of action, will apply notwithstanding any indulgence granted by the party to which any payment is owed and will not be affected by judgment being obtained or claim or proof being made for any other sums payable in respect of this Agreement.
(d) Evidence of Loss. For the purpose of this Section 8, it will be sufficient for a party to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual exchange or purchase been made.
4.	 Miscellaneous
(a)Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to its subject matter and supersedes all oral communication and prior writings with respect thereto.
(b)Amendments. No amendment, modification or waiver in respect of this Agreement will be effective unless in writing (including a writing evidenced by a facsimile transmission) and executed by each of the parties or confirmed by an exchange of telexes or electronic messages on an electronic messaging system.
(c)Survival of Obligations. Without prejudice to Sections 2(a)(iii) and 6(c)(ii), the obligations of the parties under this Agreement will survive the termination of any Transaction.
(d)Remedies Cumulative. Except as provided in this Agreement, the rights, powers, remedies and privileges provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, powers, remedies and privileges provided by law.
(e)	 Counterparts and Confirmations.
(i)This Agreement (and each amendment, modification and waiver in respect of it) may be executed and delivered in counterparts (including by facsimile transmission), each of which will be deemed an original.
(ii)The parties intend that they are legally bound by the terms of each Transaction from the moment they agree to those terms (whether orally or otherwise). A Confirmation shall be entered into as soon as practicable and may be executed and delivered in counterparts (including by facsimile transmission) or be created by an exchange of telexes or by an exchange of electronic messages on an electronic messaging system, which in each case will be sufficient for all purposes to evidence a binding supplement to this Agreement. The parties will specify therein or through another effective means that any such counterpart, telex or electronic message constitutes a Confirmation.
(f)No Waiver of Rights. A failure or delay in exercising any right, power or privilege in respect of this Agreement will not be presumed to operate as a waiver, and a single or partial exercise of any right, power or privilege will not be presumed to preclude any subsequent or further exercise, of that right, power or privilege or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
(g)Headings. The headings used in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and are not to affect the construction of or to be taken into consideration in interpreting this Agreement.
5.	 Offices; Multibranch Parties
(a)If Section 10(a) is specified in the Schedule as applying, each party that enters into a Transaction through an Office other than its head or home office represents to the other party that, notwithstanding the place of booking office or jurisdiction of incorporation or organisation of such party, the obligations of such party are the same as if it had entered into the Transaction through its head or home office. This representation will be deemed to be repeated by such party on each date on which a Transaction is entered into.
(b)Neither party may change the Office through which it makes and receives payments or deliveries for the purpose of a Transaction without the prior written consent of the other party.
(c)If a party is specified as a Multibranch Party in the Schedule, such Multibranch Party may make and receive payments or deliveries under any Transaction through any Office listed in the Schedule, and the Office through which it makes and receives payments or deliveries with respect to a Transaction will be specified in the relevant Confirmation.
12ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
6.	 Expenses
A Defaulting Party will, on demand, indemnify and hold harmless the other party for and against all reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, including legal fees and Stamp Tax, incurred by such other party by reason of the enforcement and protection of its rights under this Agreement or any Credit Support Document
to which the Defaulting Party is a party or by reason of the early termination of any Transaction, including, but not limited to, costs of collection.
7.	 Notices
(a)Effectiveness. Any notice or other communication in respect of this Agreement may be given in any manner set forth below (except that a notice or other communication under Section 5 or 6 may not be given by facsimile transmission or electronic messaging system) to the address or number or in accordance with the electronic messaging system details provided (see the Schedule) and will be deemed effective as indicated:-
(i)if in writing and delivered in person or by courier, on the date it is delivered;
(ii)	 if sent by telex, on the date the recipient's answerback is received;
(iii)if sent by facsimile transmission, on the date that transmission is received by a responsible employee of the recipient in legible form (it being agreed that the burden of proving receipt will be on the sender and will not be met by a transmission report generated by the sender's facsimile machine);
(iv)if sent by certified or registered mail (airmail, if overseas) or the equivalent (return receipt requested), on the date that mail is delivered or its delivery is attempted; or
(v)	 if sent by electronic messaging system, on the date that electronic message is received,
unless the date of that delivery (or attempted delivery) or that receipt, as applicable, is not a Local Business Day or that communication is delivered (or attempted) or received, as applicable, after the close of business on a Local Business Day, in which case that communication shall be deemed given and effective on the first following day that is a Local Business Day.
(b)Change of Addresses. Either party may by notice to the other change the address, telex or facsimile number or electronic messaging system details at which notices or other communications are to be given to it.
8.	 Governing Law and Jurisdiction
(a)Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law specified in the Schedule.
(b)Jurisdiction. With respect to any suit, action or proceedings relating to this Agreement ("Proceedings"), each party irrevocably:-
(i)submits to the jurisdiction of the English courts, if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by English law, or to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New York and the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City, if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by the laws of the State of New York; and
(ii)waives any objection which it may have at any time to the laying of venue of any Proceedings brought in any such court, waives any claim that such Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum and further waives the right to object, with respect to such Proceedings, that such court does not have any jurisdiction over such party.
Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (outside, if this Agreement is expressed to be governed by English law, the Contracting States, as defined in Section 1(3) of the Civil Jurisdiction and Judgments Act 1982 or any modification, extension or re-enactment thereof for the time being in force) nor will the bringing of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude
13ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
the bringing of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction.
(c)Service of Process. Each party irrevocably appoints the Process Agent (if any) specified opposite its name in the Schedule to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process in any Proceedings. If for any
reason any party's Process Agent is unable to act as such, such party will promptly notify the other party and within 30 days appoint a substitute process agent acceptable to the other party. The parties irrevocably consent to service of process given in the manner provided for notices in Section 12.
Nothing in this Agreement will affect the right of either party to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.
(d)Waiver of Immunities. Each party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, with respect to itself and its revenues and assets (irrespective of their use or intended use), all immunity on the grounds of sovereignty or other similar grounds from (i) suit, (ii) jurisdiction of any court, (iii) relief by way of injunction, order for specific performance or for recovery of property, (iv) attachment of its assets (whether before or after judgment) and (v) execution or enforcement of any judgment to which it or its revenues or assets might otherwise be entitled in any Proceedings in the courts of any jurisdiction and irrevocably agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that it will not claim any such immunity in any Proceedings.
9.	 Definitions
As used in this Agreement:-
"Additional Termination Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).
"Affected Party" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).
"Affected Transactions" means (a) with respect to any Termination Event consisting of an Illegality, Tax Event or Tax Event Upon Merger, all Transactions affected by the occurrence of such Termination Event and (b) with respect to any other Termination Event, all Transactions.
"Affiliate" means, subject to the Schedule, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose, "control" of any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person.
"Applicable Rate" means:-
(a)in respect of obligations payable or deliverable (or which would have been but for Section 2(a)(iii)) by a Defaulting Party, the Default Rate;
(b)in respect of an obligation to pay an amount under Section 6(e) of either party from and after the date (determined in accordance with Section 6(d)(ii)) on which that amount is payable, the Default Rate;
(c)in respect of all other obligations payable or deliverable (or which would have been but for Section 2(a)(iii)) by a Non-defaulting Party, the Non- default Rate; and
(d)	 in all other cases, the Termination Rate.
"Burdened Party" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).
"Change in Tax Law" means the enactment, promulgation, execution or ratification of, or any change in or amendment to, any law (or in the application or official interpretation of any law) that occurs on or after the date on which the relevant Transaction is entered into.
"consent" includes a consent, approval, action, authorisation, exemption, notice, filing, registration or exchange control consent.
"Credit Event Upon Merger" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).
"Credit Support Document" means any agreement or instrument that is specified as such in this Agreement.
"Credit Support Provider" has the meaning specified in the Schedule.
"Default Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the cost (without proof or evidence of any actual cost) to the relevant payee (as certified by it) if it were to fund or of funding the relevant amount plus 1% per annum.
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning specified in Section 6(a).
14ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
"Early Termination Date" means the date determined in accordance with Section 6(a) or 6(b)(iv). "Event of Default" has the meaning specified in Section 5(a) and, if applicable, in the Schedule. "Illegality" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).
"Indemnifiable Tax" means any Tax other than a Tax that would not be imposed in respect of a payment under this Agreement but for a present or former connection between the jurisdiction of the government or taxation authority imposing such Tax and the recipient of such payment or a person related to such recipient (including, without limitation, a connection arising from such recipient or related person being or having been a citizen or resident of such jurisdiction, or being or having been organised, present or engaged in a trade or business in such jurisdiction, or having or having had a permanent establishment or fixed place of business in such jurisdiction, but excluding a connection arising solely from such recipient or related person having executed, delivered, performed its obligations or received a payment under, or enforced, this Agreement or a Credit Support Document).
"law" includes any treaty, law, rule or regulation (as modified, in the case of tax matters, by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority) and "lawful" and "unlawful" will be construed accordingly.
"Local Business Day" means, subject to the Schedule, a day on which commercial banks are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) (a) in relation to any obligation under Section 2(a)(i), in the place(s) specified in the relevant Confirmation or, if not so specified, as otherwise agreed by the parties in writing or determined pursuant to provisions contained, or incorporated by reference, in this Agreement, (b) in relation to any other payment, in the place where the relevant account is located and, if different, in the principal financial centre, if any, of the currency of such payment, (c) in relation to any notice or other communication, including notice contemplated under Section 5(a)(i), in the city specified in the address for notice provided by the recipient and, in the case of a notice contemplated by Section 2(b), in the place where the relevant new account is to be located and (d) in relation to Section 5(a)(v)(2), in the relevant locations for performance with respect to such Specified Transaction.
"Loss" means, with respect to this Agreement or one or more Terminated Transactions, as the case may be, and a party, the Termination Currency Equivalent of an amount that party reasonably determines in good faith to be its total losses and costs (or gain, in which case expressed as a negative number) in connection with this Agreement or that Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions, as the case may be, including any loss of bargain, cost of funding or, at the election of such party but without duplication, loss or cost incurred as a result of its terminating, liquidating, obtaining or reestablishing any hedge or related trading position (or any gain resulting from any of them). Loss includes losses and costs (or gains) in respect of any payment or delivery required to have been made (assuming satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) on or before the relevant Early Termination Date and not made, except, so as to avoid duplication, if Section 6(e)(i)(1) or (3) or 6(e)(ii)(2)(A) applies. Loss does not include a party's legal fees and out-of-pocket expenses referred to under Section 11. A party will determine its Loss as of the relevant Early Termination Date, or, if that is not reasonably practicable, as of the earliest date thereafter as is reasonably practicable. A party may (but need not) determine its Loss by reference to quotations of relevant rates or prices from one or more leading dealers in the relevant markets.
"Market Quotation" means, with respect to one or more Terminated Transactions and a party making the determination, an amount determined on the basis of quotations from Reference Market-makers. Each quotation will be for an amount, if any, that would be paid to such party (expressed as a negative number) or by such party (expressed as a positive number) in consideration of an agreement between such party (taking into account any existing Credit Support Document with respect to the obligations of such party) and the quoting Reference Market-maker to enter into a transaction (the "Replacement Transaction") that would have the effect of preserving for such party the economic equivalent of any payment or delivery (whether the underlying obligation was absolute or contingent and assuming the satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) by the parties under Section 2(a)(i) in respect of such Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions that would, but for the occurrence of the relevant Early Termination Date, have
been required after that date. For this purpose, Unpaid Amounts in respect of the Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions are to be excluded but, without limitation, any payment or delivery that would, but for the relevant Early Termination Date, have been required (assuming satisfaction of each applicable condition precedent) after that Early Termination Date is to be included. The Replacement
15ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
Transaction would be subject to such documentation as such party and the Reference Market-maker may, in good faith, agree. The party making the determination (or its agent) will request each Reference Market-maker to provide its quotation to the extent reasonably practicable as of the same day and time (without regard to different time zones) on or as soon as reasonably practicable after the relevant Early Termination Date. The day and time as of which those quotations are to be obtained will be selected in good faith by the party obliged to make a determination under Section 6(e), and, if each party is so obliged, after consultation with the other. If more than three quotations are provided, the Market Quotation will be the arithmetic mean of the quotations, without regard to the quotations having the highest and lowest values. If exactly three such quotations are provided, the Market Quotation will be the quotation remaining after disregarding the highest and lowest quotations. For this purpose, if more than one quotation has the same highest value or lowest value, then one of such quotations shall be disregarded. If fewer than three quotations are provided, it will be deemed that the Market Quotation in respect of such Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions cannot be determined.
"Non-default Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the cost (without proof or evidence of any actual cost) to the Non-defaulting Party (as certified by it) if it were to fund the relevant amount.
"Non-defaulting Party" has the meaning specified in Section 6(a).
"Office" means a branch or office of a party, which may be such party's head or home office.
"Potential Event of Default" means any event which, with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default.
"Reference Market-makers" means four leading dealers in the relevant market selected by the party determining a Market Quotation in good faith (a) from among dealers of the highest credit standing which satisfy all the criteria that such party applies generally at the time in deciding whether to offer or to make an extension of credit and (b) to the extent practicable, from among such dealers having an office in the same city.
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means, with respect to a party, the jurisdictions (a) in which the party is incorporated, organised, managed and controlled or considered to have its seat, (b) where an Office through which the party is acting for purposes of this Agreement is located, (c) in which the party executes this Agreement and (d) in relation to any payment, from or through which such payment is made.
"Scheduled Payment Date" means a date on which a payment or delivery is to be made under Section 2(a)(i) with respect to a Transaction.
"Set-off" means set-off, offset, combination of accounts, right of retention or withholding or similar right or requirement to which the payer of an amount under Section 6 is entitled or subject (whether arising under this Agreement, another contract, applicable law or otherwise) that is exercised by, or imposed on, such payer.
"Settlement Amount" means, with respect to a party and any Early Termination Date, the sum of:-
(a)the Termination Currency Equivalent of the Market Quotations (whether positive or negative) for each Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions for which a Market Quotation is determined; and
(b)such party's Loss (whether positive or negative and without reference to any Unpaid Amounts) for each Terminated Transaction or group of Terminated Transactions for which a Market Quotation cannot be determined or would not (in the reasonable belief of the party making the determination) produce a commercially reasonable result.
"Specified Entity" has the meaning specified in the Schedule.
"Specified Indebtedness" means, subject to the Schedule, any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money.
"Specified Transaction" means, subject to the Schedule, (a) any transaction (including an agreement with respect thereto) now existing or hereafter entered into between one party to this Agreement (or any Credit
16ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
Support Provider of such party or any applicable Specified Entity of such party) and the other party to this Agreement (or any Credit Support Provider of such other party or any applicable Specified Entity of such other party) which is a rate swap transaction, basis swap, forward rate transaction, commodity swap, commodity option, equity or equity index swap, equity or equity index option, bond option, interest rate option, foreign exchange transaction, cap transaction, floor transaction, collar transaction, currency swap transaction, cross-currency rate swap transaction, currency option or any other similar transaction (including any option with respect to any of these transactions), (b) any combination of these transactions and (c) any other transaction identified as a Specified Transaction in this Agreement or the relevant confirmation.
"Stamp Tax" means any stamp, registration, documentation or similar tax.
"Tax" means any present or future tax, levy, impost, duty, charge, assessment or fee of any nature (including interest, penalties and additions thereto) that is imposed by any government or other taxing authority in respect of any payment under this Agreement other than a stamp, registration, documentation or similar tax.
"Tax Event" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).
"Tax Event Upon Merger" has the meaning specified in Section 5(b).
"Terminated Transactions" means with respect to any Early Termination Date (a) if resulting from a Termination Event, all Affected Transactions and (b) if resulting from an Event of Default, all Transactions (in either case) in effect immediately before the effectiveness of the notice designating that Early Termination Date (or, if "Automatic Early Termination" applies, immediately before that Early Termination Date).
"Termination Currency" has the meaning specified in the Schedule.
"Termination Currency Equivalent" means, in respect of any amount denominated in the Termination Currency, such Termination Currency amount and, in respect of any amount denominated in a currency other than the Termination Currency (the "Other Currency"), the amount in the Termination Currency determined by the party making the relevant determination as being required to purchase such amount of such Other Currency as at the relevant Early Termination Date, or, if the relevant Market Quotation or Loss (as the case may be), is determined as of a later date, that later date, with the Termination Currency at the rate equal to the spot exchange rate of the foreign exchange agent (selected as provided below) for the purchase of such Other Currency with the Termination Currency at or about 11:00 a.m. (in the city in which such foreign exchange agent is located) on such date as would be customary for the determination of such a rate for the purchase of such Other Currency for value on the relevant Early Termination Date or that later date. The foreign exchange agent will, if only one party is obliged to make a determination under Section 6(e), be selected in good faith by that party and otherwise will be agreed by the parties.
"Termination Event" means an Illegality, a Tax Event or a Tax Event Upon Merger or, if specified to be applicable, a Credit Event Upon Merger or an Additional Termination Event.
"Termination Rate" means a rate per annum equal to the arithmetic mean of the cost (without proof or evidence of any actual cost) to each party (as certified by such party) if it were to fund or of funding such amounts.
"Unpaid Amounts" owing to any party means, with respect to an Early Termination Date, the aggregate of (a) in respect of all Terminated Transactions, the amounts that became payable (or that would have become payable but for Section 2(a)(iii)) to such party under Section 2(a)(i) on or prior to such Early Termination Date and which remain unpaid as at such Early Termination Date and (b) in respect of each Terminated Transaction, for each obligation under Section 2(a)(i) which was (or would have been but for Section 2(a)(iii)) required to be settled by delivery to such party on or prior to such Early Termination Date and which has not been so settled as at such Early Termination Date, an amount equal to the fair market
value of that which was (or would have been) required to be delivered as of the originally scheduled date for delivery, in each case together with (to the extent permitted under applicable law) interest, in the currency of such amounts, from (and including) the date such amounts or obligations were or would have been required
17ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
to have been paid or performed to (but excluding) such Early Termination Date, at the Applicable Rate. Such amounts of interest will be calculated on the basis of daily compounding and the actual number of days elapsed. The fair market value of any obligation referred to in clause (b) above shall be reasonably determined by the party obliged to make the determination under Section 6(e) or, if each party is so obliged, it shall be the average of the Termination Currency Equivalents of the fair market values reasonably determined by both parties.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this document.
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.	  	  	 Gentex Corporation By: /s/John Miechkowski 	  	  	 By: /s/Steve Downing Name: John Miechkowski	  	  	 Name: Steve Downing Title: Authorized Signatory	  	  	 Title: CFO, VP of Finance Date: 10-1-2014	  	  	 Date: October 1, 2014
18ISDA ® 1992
Exhibit 10.1
SCHEDULE
to the
MASTER
AGREEMENT
dated as of October 1, 2014 between WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A. ("Party A") and GENTEX CORPORATION ("Party B")
Part 1. Termination Provisions
(a)	 "Specified Entity" means, for purposes of Section 5(a)(v), with respect to Party A, Party A's Affiliates and with respect to Party B, any "Loan Party" as defined in the Credit Agreement or any Refinancing Credit Agreement.
(b)	 "Specified Transaction" has its meaning as defined in Section 14, provided that for purposes of Section 5(a)(v), Specified Transaction shall also mean clearing and/or execution arrangements involving swaps or futures, options or other derivatives.
(c)	 The "Cross Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi) apply to both parties provided that the phrase ", or becoming capable at such time of being declared," is hereby deleted from Section 5(a)(vi) of the Agreement, provided, however, with respect to Party B only, a "Cross Default" shall also be deemed to exist with respect to Party B as of the close of business on the twentieth (20th) calendar day (or, if such date is not a Local Business Day, the immediately following Local Business Day) following the date on which such indebtedness first becomes capable of being declared due and payable under the Credit Agreement as the result of the occurrence and continuation of an event of default thereunder if, prior to such time, such event of default has not been waived or cured in accordance with the terms of the Credit Agreement.
"Specified Indebtedness" means, with respect to Party A, any obligation (whether present, future, contingent or otherwise, as principal or surety or otherwise) in respect of borrowed money or relating to the payment or delivery of funds, securities or other property (including, without limitation, collateral), other than indebtedness in respect of any bank deposits received in the ordinary course of business by any foreign branch of a party the repayment of which is prevented, hindered or delayed by any governmental or regulatory action or law unrelated to the financial condition or solvency of such party or that foreign branch and, with respect to Party B, indebtedness under the Credit Agreement or any Refinancing Credit Agreement.
"Threshold Amount" means, (a) with respect to Party A, an amount (including its equivalent in another currency) equal to 3% of Shareholders Equity of Wells Fargo & Co. ("WFC"), and (b) with respect to Party B, $35,000,000 (including its equivalent in another currency), provided that for any Specified Indebtedness payable by Party B (or any Credit Support Provider of Party B) to Party A or to any of Party A's Affiliates, Threshold Amount means any amount of such Specified Indebtedness.
"Shareholders Equity" means an amount equal to WFC's total assets minus its total liabilities, as reflected on WFC's most recent audited financial statements.
(d)	 "Credit Event Upon Merger" applies to both parties, provided that, with respect to Party B, any actions permitted under Sections 8.2.5 or 8.2.6 of the Credit Agreement will not constitute a "Credit Event Upon Merger" hereunder.
(e)	 "Automatic Early Termination" does not apply to either party.
Exhibit 10.1
(f)	 Payments on Early Termination. Except as otherwise provided herein, "Market Quotation" and the "Second Method" apply, provided that with respect to the following types of Transactions, a Market Quotation shall not be determined or included under clause (a) of the definition of Settlement Amount, and
instead a "Loss" shall be determined and included under clause (b) of the definition of Settlement Amount with respect to the following types of Transactions: (i) any FX Transactions and Currency Option Transactions, and (ii) any Transactions which are commodity swaps, commodity options, commodity forwards or any other commodity derivative transactions.
In the case of any Terminated Transaction that is, or is subject to, any unexercised option, the words "economic equivalent of any payment or delivery" appearing in the definition of "Market Quotation" shall be construed to take into account the economic equivalent of the option.
(g)	 "Termination Currency" means U.S. Dollars.
(h)	 Additional Termination Event applies to Party B. "Additional Termination Event" means, with respect to Party B (which will be the Affected Party), the occurrence of the following event:
(i)The Credit Agreement or any Refinancing Credit Agreement ceases to be in full force and effect or any commitment by Party A to lend or otherwise extend credit thereunder shall terminate; Party B ceases to have any obligations to Party A under the Credit Agreement or any Refinancing Credit Agreement (or under any promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness issued in connection therewith), whether as the result of the repayment, discharge or satisfaction of such obligations, or otherwise; or either Party A or Party B ceases to be a party to the Credit Agreement or any Refinancing Credit Agreement; in each case, other than due to the unilateral, voluntary sale or transfer to a third party of Party A's rights or interests in the Credit Agreement (or any promissory note or other evidence of indebtedness issued in connection therewith).
(ii)Party A does not or ceases to have the benefit of the same security as, and on a pari passu basis with, and pro rata payment treatment of, the senior secured lenders under the Credit Agreement or any Refinancing Credit Agreement, as the case may be; provided, however, that the failure of any subsidiary of Party B to guarantee, or provide security for, Party B's obligations under the Agreement on account of any provision of the Commodity Exchange Act ("CEA") or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission ("CFTC") (or the application or official interpretation thereof) shall not constitute an "Additional Termination Event" for purposes of this provision.
(i)	 Failure to Pay or Deliver. Section 5(a)(i) of this Agreement is hereby amended by replacing the word "third" with "first" in the third line thereof.
Part 2. Tax Representations
(a)	 Payer Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(e) of this Agreement, each party makes the following representation:
It is not required by any applicable law, as modified by the practice of any relevant governmental revenue authority, of any Relevant Jurisdiction to make any deduction or withholding for or on account of any Tax from any payment (other than interest under Section 2(e), 6(d)(ii) or 6(e) of this Agreement) to be made by it to the other party under this Agreement.
In making this representation, a party may rely on (i) the accuracy of any representations made by the other party pursuant to Section 3(f) of this Agreement, (ii) the satisfaction of the agreement contained in Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and the accuracy and effectiveness of any document
Exhibit 10.1
provided by the other party pursuant to Section 4(a)(i) or 4(a)(iii) of this Agreement, and (iii) the satisfaction of the agreement of the other party contained in Section 4(d) of this Agreement, provided that it shall not be a breach of this representation where reliance is placed on clause (ii) above and the other party does not deliver a form or document under Section 4(a)(iii) by reason of material prejudice to its legal or commercial position.
(b)	 Payee Tax Representations. For the purpose of Section 3(f) of this Agreement:
(i)	 Party A makes the following representation(s):
(A)It is a national banking association organized or formed under the laws of the United States and is a United States resident for United States federal income tax purposes.
(B)	 Party A makes no other Payee Tax Representations.
(ii)	 Party B makes the following representation(s):
(A)It is organized or formed under the laws of a state within the United States, and it is (or, if Party B is disregarded for United States federal income tax purposes, its beneficial owner is) a United States resident for United States federal income tax purposes.
(B)Party B makes no other Payee Tax Representations. Part 3. Documents
(a)	 Tax Forms.
(i)Delivery of Tax Forms. For the purpose of Section 4(a)(i), and without limiting Section 4(a)(iii), each party agrees to duly complete, execute and deliver to the other party the tax forms specified below with respect to it
(A) before the first Payment Date under this Agreement, (B) promptly upon reasonable demand by the other party and (C) promptly upon learning that any such form previously provided by the party has become obsolete or incorrect.
(ii)	 Tax Forms to be Delivered by Party A: None specified.
(iii)	 Tax forms to be Delivered by Party B:
A correct, complete and duly executed U.S. Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 (or successor thereto) that eliminates U.S. federal backup withholding tax on payments to Party B under this Agreement.
(b)	 Delivery of Documents. When it delivers this Agreement, each party shall also deliver its Closing Documents to the other party in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the other party. For each Transaction, a party shall deliver, promptly upon request, a duly executed incumbency certificate for the person(s) executing the Confirmation for that Transaction on behalf of that party.
(i)For Party A, "Closing Documents" means (A) a copy, certified by the secretary or assistant secretary of Party A, of the resolutions of Party A's board of directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by Party A of this Agreement (including the Credit Support Annex, if any) and authorizing Party A to enter into Transactions hereunder and (B) a duly executed certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of Party A certifying the name, true signature and authority of each person authorized to execute this Agreement (including the Credit Support Annex, if any) and enter into Transactions for Party A.
(ii)For Party B, "Closing Documents" means an opinion of counsel covering Party B's Basic
Exhibit 10.1
Representations under Section 3(a) as they relate to this Agreement (including the Credit Support Annex, if any), or in lieu thereof, (A) a copy, certified by the secretary or assistant secretary of Party B, of the resolutions of Party B's
board of directors authorizing the execution, delivery and performance by Party B of this Agreement (including the Credit Support Annex, if any) and authorizing Party B to enter into Transactions hereunder and
(B) a duly executed certificate of the secretary or assistant secretary of Party B certifying the name, true signature and authority of each person authorized to execute this Agreement (including the Credit Support Annex, if any) and enter into Transactions for Party B.
(c)	 Financial Statements. Unless otherwise provided to Party A pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement (as defined in paragraph (h) of Part 1 of the Schedule), Party B will furnish to Party A (i) within 120 days after the close of each of Party B's fiscal years, an audit report certified by independent certified public accountants of recognized standing prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (including balance sheets as of the end of such period, related profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements, and a statement of cash flows), and (ii) within 90 days after the close of each of the first three quarterly periods of each of its fiscal years unaudited balance sheets as at the close of each such period and profit and loss and reconciliation of surplus statements and a statement of cash flows for the period from the beginning of such fiscal year to the end of such quarter, all certified by its chief financial officer. The foregoing financial statements shall be delivered to the following address:
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., 146 Monroe Center St Nw, 10th Floor, Grand Rapids, MI 49503-2833, addressed to the attention of: Charles Lott, Relationship Manager, MAC N2765-100, or such other address as Party A may provide in writing.
Part 4. Miscellaneous
(a)	 Addresses for Notices.
(i)To Party A. For purposes of Section 12(a) of this Agreement, all notices or communications to Party A shall, with respect to any particular Transaction, be sent or delivered to the address or facsimile number specified by Party A in the relevant Confirmation (or if not so specified, as specified by Party A in writing for that Transaction or type of Transaction, or if not so specified, then to its address or facsimile number specified below), and otherwise with respect to this Agreement, as specified below, provided that any notice under Section 5 or 6 of this Agreement shall be sent or delivered to Party A at the address specified below as required by Section 12(a).
Wells Fargo Bank, N.A.
45 Fremont Street 30th Floor
MAC A0194-300
San Francisco, CA 94105 Facsimile No.: (877) 564-8524
Attention: Derivatives Documentation Manager
(ii)To Party B. For purposes of Section 12(a) of this Agreement, all notices or communications to Party B shall, with respect to any particular Transaction, be sent or delivered to the address or facsimile number specified by Party B in the relevant Confirmation (or if not so specified, as specified
Exhibit 10.1
by Party B in writing for that Transaction or type of Transaction, or if not so specified, then to its address or facsimile number specified below), and otherwise with respect to this Agreement, as specified below, provided that any notice under Section 5 or 6 of this Agreement shall be sent or delivered to Party B at its address specified below as required by Section 12(a).
GENTEX CORPORATION
600 N. Centennial Street Zeeland, MI 49464
Telephone No.: (616) 772-1800
E-mail: steve.downing@gentex.com
robert.hughes@gentex.com kevin.nash@gentex.com
Attention: Steve Downing
Robert Hughes Kevin Nash
(b)	 Process Agent. For the purpose of Section 13(c) of this Agreement, neither party appoints a Process Agent hereunder.
(c)	 Offices. Section 10(a) applies.
(d)	 Multibranch Party.
(i)Party A is a Multibranch Party, and may act through its San Francisco Office or Charlotte Office or its London Branch, as specified in the relevant Confirmation. If any Confirmation for a Transaction is sent or executed by Party A without specifying its Office, it will be presumed that Party A's Office for that Transaction is its San Francisco Office, absent notice to the contrary from Party A.
(ii)	 Party B is not a Multibranch Party.
(e)	 "Calculation Agent" means Party A.
(f)	 Credit Support Document.
Party A: None. Party B: None.
"Credit Support Default" is amended by adding at the end of Section 5(a)(iii)(1):
", any default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) exists under any Credit Support Document, any action is taken to realize upon any collateral provided to secure such party's obligations hereunder or under any Transaction, or the other party fails at any time to have a valid and perfected first priority security interest in any such collateral;"
Exhibit 10.1
(g)	 "Credit Support Provider" means, with respect to Party B, each of the "Loan Parties" as defined in the Credit Agreement or any Refinancing Credit Agreement.
(h)	 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. (i) To the extent not otherwise preempted by U.S. Federal law, this Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the law of the State of New York (without giving effect to any provision of New York law that would cause another jurisdiction's laws to be applied).
(ii) Section 13(b) of the Agreement is hereby amended by (i) deleting the word "non-exclusive" appearing in paragraph (i) thereof and substituting therefor the word "exclusive" and (ii) deleting the last sentence of Section 13(b) and substituting therefor the following sentence:
"Nothing in this Agreement precludes either party from bringing Proceedings in any other jurisdiction if (A) the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court located in the Borough of Manhattan in New York City lacks jurisdiction over the parties or the subject matter of the Proceedings or declines to accept the Proceedings on the grounds of lacking such jurisdiction; (B) the Proceedings are commenced by a party for the purpose of enforcing against the other party's property, assets or estate any decision or judgment rendered by any court in which Proceedings may be brought as provided hereunder; (C) the Proceedings are
commenced to appeal any such court's decision or judgment to any higher court with competent appellate jurisdiction over that court's decisions or judgments if that higher court is located outside the State of New York or Borough of Manhattan, such as a federal court of appeals or the U.S. Supreme Court; or
(D) any suit, action or proceeding has been commenced in another jurisdiction by or against the other party or against its property, assets or estate (including, without limitation, any suit, action or proceeding described in Section 5(a)(vii)(4) of this Agreement), and, in order to exercise or protect its rights, interests or remedies under this Agreement, the party (1) joins, files a claim, or takes any other action, in any such suit, action or proceeding, or (2) otherwise commences any Proceeding in that other jurisdiction as the result of that other suit, action or proceeding having commenced in that other jurisdiction."
(i)	 Waiver of Jury Trial. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party irrevocably waives any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding in connection with this Agreement, any Credit Support Document to which it is a party, or any Transaction. If, notwithstanding such waiver, a party would retain the right to trial by jury under applicable law in any such legal proceeding and any loan agreement (or other credit facility) outstanding at the time between the parties (whether or not anyone else is a party thereto) contains arbitration provisions applicable to such loan agreement (or credit facility), then such arbitration provisions shall be deemed equally to apply to any dispute between the parties relating to this Agreement or any Transaction, and for such purpose such arbitration provisions (together with related definitions) shall be deemed incorporated by reference herein (mutatis mutandis) and shall be construed as applying solely to any such dispute (with references therein to any lenders or creditors being deemed references to Party A). In all other cases, any arbitration provisions contained in any such loan agreement (or credit facility) shall not apply to this Agreement or any Transactions, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in such loan agreement (or other credit facility).
(j)	 Netting of Payments. Section 2(c)(ii) will apply in respect of all Transactions from the date of this Agreement, provided that Section 2(c)(ii) will not apply with respect to any Transactions or group of Transactions for which the parties mutually agree shall be netted operationally.
(k)	 "Affiliate" has its meaning as defined in Section 14.
(l)	 Additional Definitions. Section 14 is hereby amended by inserting the following definitions:
Exhibit 10.1
"Credit Agreement" means that certain Credit Agreement dated as of September 27, 2013 by and among Party B, as the Borrower, the Guarantors from time to time party thereto, the Lenders party thereto, PNC Bank, National Association, as Administrative Agent, Party A, as Syndication Agent, and PNC Capital Markets LLC, as Sole Lead Arranger and Sole Bookrunner, (and their successors and assigns), as the same may be amended, supplemented, restated, renewed, extended, replaced or otherwise modified from time to time.
"Refinancing Credit Agreement" means any agreement for the provision of senior secured credit facilities entered into in connection with a refinancing of all or part of the available credit facilities under the Credit Agreement or another Refinancing Credit Agreement, as applicable.
Part 5. Other Provisions
(a)	 ISDA Publications.
(i)2006 ISDA Definitions. This Agreement and each Transaction are subject to the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (the "2006 ISDA Definitions") and will be governed by the provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions. The provisions of the 2006 ISDA Definitions are incorporated by reference in, and shall form part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation.
Any reference to a "Swap Transaction" in the 2006 ISDA Definitions is deemed to be a reference to a "Transaction" for purposes of this Agreement or any Confirmation, and any reference to a "Transaction" in this Agreement or any Confirmation is deemed to be a reference to a "Swap Transaction" for purposes of the 2006 ISDA Definitions. The provisions of this Agreement (exclusive of the 2006 ISDA Definitions) shall prevail in the event of any conflict between such provisions and the 2006 ISDA Definitions.
(ii)EMU Protocol. If a present or future European Union member state adopts the euro as its lawful currency to replace its national currency, then Annexes 1 through 5 (inclusive) and Section 6 of the EMU Protocol published on May 6, 1998 by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (i) shall be deemed to apply to any Transaction involving that member state's national currency (which shall be considered a Legacy Transaction under the EMU Protocol), (ii) shall be construed in a manner consistent with the purpose of the EMU Protocol notwithstanding that the start of the third stage of European Economic and Monetary Union has already occurred, and (iii) are hereby incorporated by reference in, and shall form part of, this Agreement.
References in the EMU Protocol to "ISDA Master Agreement" will be deemed references to this Agreement.
(b)	 Scope of Agreement. Any Specified Transaction now existing or hereafter entered into between the parties (whether or not evidenced by a Confirmation) shall constitute a "Transaction" under this Agreement and shall be subject to, governed by, and construed in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, unless the confirming document(s) for that Specified Transaction provide(s) otherwise. For any such Specified Transaction not evidenced by a Confirmation, Section 2(a)(i) of this Agreement is amended to read as follows: "(i) Each party will make each payment or delivery to be made by it under each Transaction, as specified in each Confirmation (or otherwise in accordance with the terms of that Transaction if not evidenced by a Confirmation), subject to the other provisions of this Agreement."
(c)	 Additional Representations. In addition to the representations under Section 3, the following representations will apply:
(i)	 Relationship Between Parties. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on
Exhibit 10.1
the date on which it enters into a Relevant Agreement that:
(1)	 Non-Reliance. It is acting for its own account, and it has made its own independent decisions to enter into the Relevant Agreement and as to whether the Relevant Agreement is appropriate or proper for it based solely upon its own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as it has deemed necessary. It is not relying on any communication (written or oral) of the other party or any of its affiliates (or its respective representatives) as investment advice or as a recommendation to enter into the Relevant Agreement, it being understood that information and explanations related to the terms and conditions of any Relevant Agreement will not be considered investment advice or a recommendation to enter into the Relevant Agreement. No communication (written or oral) received from the other party or any of its affiliates (or its respective representatives) will be deemed to be an assurance or guarantee as to the expected results of the Relevant Agreement.
(2)	 Assessment and Understanding. It is capable of assessing the merits of and understanding (on its own behalf or through independent professional advice), and understands and accepts, the terms, conditions and risks of the Relevant Agreement based solely upon its own evaluation of the Relevant Agreement (including the present and future results, consequences, risks, and benefits thereof, whether financial, accounting, tax, legal, or otherwise) or that of its own advisers. It is also capable of assuming, and assumes, the risks of the Relevant Agreement. It also understands that the terms under which any Transaction may be terminated early are set forth in this Agreement (or in the relevant Confirmation), and any early termination of a Transaction other than pursuant to such terms is subject to mutual agreement of the parties confirmed in writing, the terms of which may require one party to pay an early termination fee to the other party based upon market conditions prevailing at the time of early termination.
(3)	 Status of Parties. The other party is not acting as a fiduciary for or an adviser to it in respect of the Relevant Agreement, and any agency, brokerage, advisory or fiduciary services that the other party (or any of its affiliates) may otherwise provide to the party (or to any of its affiliates) excludes the Relevant Agreement.
"Relevant Agreement" means this Agreement, each Transaction, each Confirmation, any Credit Support Document, or any agreement (including any amendment, modification, transfer or early termination) between the parties relating to this Agreement or to any Transaction, Confirmation or Credit Support Document.
(ii)Eligibility. Each party will be deemed to represent to the other party on the date on which it enters into a Transaction that it is an "eligible contract participant" within the meaning of the Commodity Exchange Act.
(iii)ERISA. Each party represents to the other party at all times hereunder that it is not (i) an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), or a plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, or a plan as so defined but which is not subject to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code but is subject to another law materially similar to Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (each of which, an "ERISA Plan"), (ii) a person or entity acting on behalf of an ERISA Plan, or (iii) a person or entity the assets of which constitute assets of an ERISA Plan.
(d)	 Set-off. Any amount ("Early Termination Amount") payable to one party ("Payee") by the other party ("Payer") under Section 6(e), in circumstances where there is a Defaulting Party or one Affected Party in the case where either a Termination Event under Section 5(b)(iv) or any other Termination Event in which all outstanding Transactions are Affected Transactions has occurred, will, at the option of the party ("X") other than the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party (and without prior notice to the Defaulting Party or the Affected Party), be reduced by means of set off against any amount(s) ("Other
Exhibit 10.1
Agreement Amount") payable (whether at such time or in the future or upon the occurrence of a contingency) by the Payee to the Payer or to any Affiliate of the Payer (irrespective of the currency, place of payment or booking office of the obligation) under any other agreement(s) between the Payee and the Payer (or between the Payee and any Affiliate of the Payer) or instrument(s) or undertaking(s) issued or executed by the Payee to, or in the favor of, the Payer or any Affiliate of the Payer (and the Other Agreement Amount will be discharged promptly and in all respects to the extent it is so set-off). X will give notice to the other party of any set-off effected under this paragraph.
For this purpose, either the Early Termination Amount or the Other Agreement Amount (or the relevant portion of such amounts) may be converted by X into the currency in which the other is denominated at the rate of exchange at which such party would be able, acting in a reasonable manner and in good faith, to purchase the relevant amount of such currency. The term "rate of exchange" includes, without limitation, any premiums and costs of exchange payable in connection with the purchase of or conversion into the relevant currency.
Nothing in this paragraph shall be effective to create a charge or other security interest. This paragraph shall be without prejudice and in addition to any right of set-off, combination of accounts, lien or other right to which any party is at any time otherwise entitled (whether by operation of law, contract or otherwise).
(e)	 Escrow. If payments denominated in different currencies are due hereunder by both parties on the same day and a party has reasonable cause to believe that the other party will not meet its payment obligation, then as reasonable assurance of performance the party may notify the other party that payments on that date are to be made in escrow. In this case, deposit of the payment due earlier on that date shall be made by 2:00 p.m. (local time at the place for the earlier payment) on that date with any escrow agent selected by the party giving the notice from among major commercial banks independent of either party (and its affiliates), accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions
(i) to release the deposited payment to the intended recipient upon receipt by
the escrow agent of the required deposit of the corresponding payment from the other party on the same date accompanied by irrevocable payment instructions to the same effect or (ii) if the required deposit of the corresponding payment is not made on the same date, to return the payment deposited to the party that paid in escrow. The party that elects to have payments made in escrow shall pay the costs of the escrow arrangements and shall make arrangements to provide that the intended recipient of the amount due to be deposited first shall be entitled to interest on the deposited payment for each day in the period of its deposit at the rate offered by the escrow agent for that day for overnight deposits in the relevant currency in the office where it holds that deposited payment (at 11:00 a.m. local time on that day) if that payment is not released by 5:00 p.m. local time on the date it is deposited for any reason other than the intended recipient's failure to make the escrow deposit it is required to make hereunder in a timely fashion.
(f)	 Recording of Conversations. Each party (i) consents to the recording of telephone conversations between the trading, marketing and other relevant personnel of the parties or any of their Affiliates in connection with this Agreement or any Transaction or potential Transaction, (ii) agrees to obtain any necessary consent of, and give any necessary notice of such recording to, its relevant personnel and those of its Affiliates and (iii) agrees, to the extent permitted by applicable law, that such recordings may be submitted in evidence in any Proceedings.
(g)	 Confirmation Procedures. Confirmations for Transactions are due under CFTC Rule 23.501 within the applicable time frame specified in such rule, to the extent applicable.
(h)	 Covenants of Financial Agreements.
(i)Party B shall provide Party A at all times hereunder with the same covenant protection as Party
Exhibit 10.1
B provides its lenders or creditors under Financial Agreements. Therefore, in addition to the Cross Default provisions of this Agreement, and notwithstanding the satisfaction of any obligation or promise to pay money to its lenders or creditors under any Financial Agreement, or the termination or cancellation of any Financial Agreement, Party B hereby agrees to perform, comply with and observe for the benefit of Party A hereunder all affirmative and negative covenants contained in each Financial Agreement applicable to Party B (excluding any obligation or promise to pay money under any Financial Agreement) at any time Party B has any obligation (whether absolute or contingent) under this Agreement.
(ii)For purposes hereof: (A) the affirmative and negative covenants of each Financial Agreement applicable to Party B (together with related definitions and ancillary provisions, but in any event excluding any obligation or promise to pay money under any Financial Agreement) are incorporated by reference herein (mutatis mutandis); (B) if lenders or creditors other than Party A are parties to any Financial Agreement, then references therein to the lenders or creditors shall be deemed references to Party A; and (C) for any such covenant applying only when any loan, other extension of credit, obligation or commitment under any Financial Agreement is outstanding, that covenant shall be deemed to apply hereunder at any time Party B has any obligation (whether absolute or contingent) under this Agreement.
(iii)Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the incorporation of any provision by reference from any Financial Agreement would result in the violation by Party B of the terms of that Financial Agreement, or be in violation of any law, rule or regulation (as interpreted by any court of competent jurisdiction), then this Agreement shall not incorporate that provision.
"Financial Agreement" means each existing or future agreement or instrument relating to any loan or extension of credit from Party A (or any of its Affiliates) to Party B (whether or not anyone else is a party thereto), as the same exists when executed and without regard to (i) any termination or cancellation thereof or Party A (or any of its Affiliates) ceasing to be a party thereto (whether as a result of repayment thereof or otherwise), or (ii) unless consented to in writing by Party A (or any of its Affiliates), any amendment, modification, addition, waiver or consent thereto or thereof.
(i)	 Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. The following provision shall apply in respect of the ISDA Master Agreement between the parties (including the Schedule thereto, any Credit Support Annex and each Transaction that has been or will be entered into thereunder) and shall survive the termination of this Transaction and this Confirmation:
"Withholding Tax imposed on payments to non-US counterparties under the United States Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act. "Tax" as used in Part 2(a) of this Schedule (Payer Tax Representation) and "Indemnifiable Tax" as defined in Section 14 of this Agreement shall not include any U.S. federal withholding tax imposed or collected pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S.
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the implementation of such Sections of the Code (a "FATCA Withholding Tax"). For the avoidance of doubt, a FATCA Withholding Tax is a Tax the deduction or withholding of which is required by applicable law for the purposes of Section 2(d) of this Agreement."
(j)	 Pari Passu. In addition to the Events of Default specified in Section 5(a) of this Agreement, it shall be an Event of Default under this Agreement with respect to Party B if any collateral, guaranty, letter of credit, comfort letter or any other form of security or credit support, or any interest in any of the foregoing (collectively, the "Security") is given or pledged to secure or otherwise support Party B's obligations under any other "swap agreement" (as defined in 11 U.S.C. § 101) or any loan, bond, financing, private placement or any other extension of credit to Party B ("Other Obligations"), whether made to Party B individually or jointly with any other person or entity, and whether or not such obligations would be owed to Party A or to any other lender, creditor or swap agreement party ("Other Creditor") and either of the following events occurs:
Exhibit 10.1
(i)at the time such Security is given or pledged or at any time thereafter,
(A) Party B's obligations under this Agreement fail to be secured by such collateral on the same terms in all relevant respects (including, without limitation, the perfection of any security interest) and on a pari passu and pro rata basis with the most senior class of such Other Creditors, or (B) in the case of any other form of Security (including a guaranty, letter of credit or comfort letter), Party B's obligations under this Agreement fail to be supported on the same terms in all relevant respects and in the same proportionate amount as are applicable to the most senior class of such Other Creditors (in either case, whether as the result of repayment or satisfaction of such Other Obligations, or the security documents failing to cover Party B's obligations hereunder, or Party A failing or ceasing to be a party to such security documents or to any such Other Obligations, or otherwise); or
(ii)any notice or consent is given or any other action is taken that (A) would cause the Security, or the security interest in or lien on collateral comprising the Security, to be released, realized upon, liquidated, sold, transferred, conveyed or otherwise disposed of, whether as the result of repayment of obligations owing to such other creditors or pursuant to the terms of any security document or otherwise, and irrespective of whether or not Party A or any of its Affiliates in its capacity as agent, lender or payee with respect to such Other Obligations is giving such notice or consent or is taking such action, or (B) would adversely alter or impair any of Party A's rights, interests or benefits in or pertaining to the Security, any security document or any other document executed in connection therewith (whether such action is in the form of an amendment, modification, waiver, approval, consent or otherwise).
Part 6. Additional Terms for FX Transactions and Currency Options
(a)	 ISDA FX and Currency Option Definitions. The 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., the Emerging Markets Traders Association and The Foreign Exchange Committee (the "1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions") are hereby incorporated by reference in, and shall form part of, this Agreement and each Confirmation relating to any "Currency Option Transaction" or "FX Transaction" as defined in the FX and Currency Option Definitions, except as otherwise specifically provided herein or in the relevant Confirmation.
(b)	 FX Transactions.
Netting of FX Transactions. Section 2(c) shall not apply to FX Transactions.
Instead, the following provision will apply to FX Transactions:
If amounts in the same currency would be due by both parties in respect of the same Settlement Date (or other payment or delivery date) under two or more FX Transactions between the same pair of Offices of the parties (assuming satisfaction of each condition precedent), then the obligations of the parties for those amounts will be discharged automatically, and if one party's obligation in that currency would have been greater, replaced by an obligation of that party to pay or deliver the amount of that difference to the other party on that Settlement Date or date.
(c)	 Currency Option Transactions.
(i)Currency Option Transaction Premiums. If any Premium of a Currency Option Transaction is not received on the Premium Payment Date, then the Seller may elect to either (A) accept late payment of that Premium, or (B) give written notice of that nonpayment and, if that payment is not received within one Local Business Day of that notice, either (1) treat the related Currency Option Transaction as void, or (2) treat that non-payment as an Event of Default under Section 5(a)(i) of this Agreement. If the Seller elects to act under clause (A) or (B)(1) of the preceding sentence, then the Buyer shall pay on demand all out-of-pocket costs and actual damages incurred by the Seller in connection with that
Exhibit 10.1
unpaid or late Premium or void Currency Option Transaction, including, without limitation, interest on that Premium in the same currency as that Premium at the Default Rate and any other costs or expenses incurred by the Seller to compensate it for its loss of bargain, cost of funding or loss incurred as a result of terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re-establishing a delta hedge or other related trading position with respect to that Currency Option Transaction.
(ii)Netting of Currency Option Transactions. Section 2(c) of this Agreement shall not apply to Currency Option Transactions. Instead, the following provisions will apply to Currency Option Transactions:
(A)If Premiums in the same currency would be due by both parties in respect of the same Premium Payment Date under two or more Currency Option Transactions between the same pair of Offices of the parties (assuming satisfaction of each condition precedent), then the obligations of the parties for those Premiums will be discharged automatically, and if one party's obligation in that currency would have been greater, replaced by an obligation of that party to pay or deliver the amount of that difference to the other party.
(B)If amounts in the same currency (other than Premiums) would be due by both parties in respect of the same Settlement Date (or other payment or delivery date) under two or more Currency Option Transactions between the same pair of Offices of the parties (assuming satisfaction of each condition precedent), then the obligations of the parties for those amounts will be discharged automatically, and if one party's obligation in that currency would have been greater, replaced by an obligation of that party to pay or deliver the amount of that difference to the other party on that Settlement Date or date.
(C)For matching Currency Option Transactions, any unexercised Call or Put written by a party will automatically be terminated and discharged, in whole or in part, as applicable, against any unexercised Call or Put, respectively, written by the other party upon the payment in full of both Currency Option Transaction Premiums. Currency Option Transactions are "matching" only if both
(i) are granted for the same Put Currency, Call Currency, Expiration Date, Expiration Time, and Strike Price, (ii) have the same exercise style (e.g., American, European or Asian) including the same exercise terms, and (iii) are entered into by the same pair of Offices of the parties. For any partial termination and discharge (where the Currency Option Transactions are for different amounts of the Currency Pair), the remaining portion of the Currency Option Transaction shall continue to be a Currency Option Transaction under this Agreement.
(d)	 Notice of Exercise. Notwithstanding Section 3.5 (g) of the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions, a Notice of Exercise may be delivered by facsimile for purposes of exercising a Currency Option only if, after reasonable efforts have been made by the Buyer to deliver such Notice of Exercise orally by telephone, Buyer is unable to reach an appropriate person at the Seller by telephone on the relevant day for purposes of exercising such Currency Option on that day. Whenever a Notice of Exercise has been given orally by telephone, a confirmation of such Notice of Exercise may be delivered in writing by facsimile or by any other means specified therefore in the relevant Confirmation.
Part 7. Swap Trading Relationship Documentation
(a)	 Required Notifications. Regulation 23.504 of the CFTC requires that we include in "swap trading relationship documentation" ("STRD") such as this Agreement certain provisions regarding clearing and our status (and, if applicable, our counterparty's status) as an "insured depository institution," "financial company" or "covered financial company".
(i)	 Orderly Liquidation Authority
(A)	 Party A hereby notifies Party B that it is an "insured depository institution"
Exhibit 10.1
as defined in 12 U.S.C. §1813 (an "Insured Depository Institution") and a "financial company" as defined in Section 201(a)(11) of the Dodd-Frank Act, 12 U.S.C.
§5381(a)(11) ("Financial Company").
(B)	 Party B hereby notifies Party A that Party B is neither an Insured Depository Institution nor a Financial Company.
(C)	 Each party agrees to provide notice to the other party if it becomes, or ceases to be, an Insured Depository Institution or a Financial Company.
(D)	 In the event that either party is a "covered financial company" (as defined in Section 201(a)(8) of the Dodd-Frank Act, 12 U.S.C. 5381(a)(8)) or an Insured Depository Institution for which the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation ("FDIC") has been appointed as a receiver (the "covered party"), certain limitations under Title II of the Dodd-Frank Act or the Federal Deposit Insurance Act of 1950, as amended, may apply to the rights of the non- covered party to terminate, liquidate, or net any Swap by reason of the appointment of the FDIC as receiver, notwithstanding the agreement of the parties in the swap trading relationship documentation, and the FDIC may have certain rights to transfer Swaps (as defined below) of the covered party under Section 210(c)(9)(A) of the Dodd-Frank Act, 12 U.S.C. § 5390(c)(9)(A), or 12 U.S.C. § 1821(e)(9)(A).
(ii)	 Clearing. Party A hereby notifies Party B that, upon acceptance of a Swap by a "derivatives clearing organization" as defined in Commodity Exchange Act ("CEA") and CFTC Regulations ("DCO"), the original Swap between the parties is extinguished, is replaced by equal and opposite Swaps with the DCO, and all terms of the Swap shall conform to the product specifications of the cleared Swap established under the DCO's rules.
(b)	 Swap Valuation Terms. CFTC Regulation 23.504(b)(4) requires that our STRD with "financial entities" include an agreement on the process (which may include any agreed upon methods, procedures, rules, and inputs) for determining the value of each Swap at any time from its execution to termination, maturity, or expiration, for purposes of complying with the margin and risk management requirements of CEA §4s(e) and CEA §4s(j) ("Swap Valuation Terms"). If you are a "financial entity" as defined in CEA §2(h)(7)(C)(i), this Agreement shall be deemed to incorporate by reference the Swap Valuation Terms that are available to you for downloading at:
http://images- mail.wellsfargoemail.com/Web/WellsFargoWholesaleServices/{e9ddb6fb-6718-460c-8671- d2914f0e9779}_2388TOBAddISVT.pdf
(c)	 Scope of STRD Provisions. The terms of this Part 7 only apply to swaps ("Swaps") as defined in Section 1a(47) of the CEA and Regulation 1.3(xxx) of the CFTC. The term "Swap" does not include a swap once it has been cleared by a DCO, without prejudice to provisions that expressly apply to a cleared swap.
To the extent that any provision of this Part 7 has the purpose of meeting a legal or regulatory requirement, compliance by the parties with such provision shall be required only to the extent required and only for the period during which, and only in respect of the relevant Swap, class of Swap or class of counterparty to which, such legal or regulatory requirement applies. For purposes hereof, compliance is subject to any applicable legal or regulatory effective or compliance dates, any no-action or other relief that may be granted by the CFTC or its staff from time to time, and any CFTC interpretation of such legal or regulatory requirement.
Exhibit 10.1
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Schedule by their duly authorized signatories as of the date hereof.
WELLS FARGO BANK, N.A.
By: /s/John Miechkowski
Name: John Miechkowski
Title: Authorized Signatory
GENTEX CORPORATION
By: /s/Steve Downing
Name: Steve Downing
Title: CFO, VP of Finance
