EX-10.2 3 exhibit10_2.htm EXHIBIT 10.2
Exhibit 10.2
ISDAa
International Swap Dealers Association, Inc.
2002 MASTER AGREEMENT
dated as of April 1, 2014
between
DTE Energy Trading, Inc. ("Party A") 	  and 	  Summer Energy, LLC ("Party B")
have entered and/or anticipate entering into one or more transactions (each a "Transaction") that are or will be governed by this 2002 Master Agreement, which includes the schedule (the "Schedule"), and the documents and other confirming evidence (each a "Confirmation") exchanged between the parties or otherwise effective for the purpose of confirming or evidencing those Transactions. This 2002 Master Agreement and the Schedule are together referred to as this "Master Agreement".
Accordingly, the parties agree as follows:
1. Interpretation
(a) Definitions. The terms defined in Section 14 and elsewhere in this Master Agreement will have the meanings therein specified for the purpose of this Master Agreement.
(b) Inconsistency. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of the Schedule and the other provisions of this Master Agreement, the Schedule will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any Confirmation and this Master Agreement, such Confirmation will prevail for the purpose of the relevant Transaction.
(c) Single Agreement. All Transactions are entered into in reliance on the fact that this Master Agreement and all Confirmations form a single agreement between the parties (collectively referred to as this "Agreement"), and the parties would not otherwise enter into any Transactions.
2. Obligations
(a) General Conditions.
(i) Each party will make each payment or delivery specified in each Confirmation to be made by it, subject to the other provisions of this Agreement.
(ii) Payments under this Agreement will be made on the due date for value on that date in the place of the account specified in the relevant Confirmation or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement, in freely transferable funds and in the manner customary for payments in the required currency. Where settlement is by delivery (that is, other than by payment), such delivery will be made for receipt on the due date in the manner customary for the relevant obligation unless otherwise specified in the relevant Confirmation or elsewhere in this Agreement.
Copyright (C) by International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
compensation in respect of that obligation or deferred obligation, as the case may be, pursuant to Section 9(h)(ii)(1) or (2), as appropriate. The fair market value of any obligation referred to in clause (b) above will be determined as of the originally scheduled date for delivery, in good faith and using commercially reasonable procedures, by the party obliged to make the determination under Section 6(er) or, if each party is so obliged, it will be the average of the Termination Currency Equivalents of the fair market values so determined by both parties.
"Waiting Period" means:--
(a) in respect of an event or circumstance under Section 5(b)(i), other than in the case of Section 5(b)(i)(2) where the relevant payment, delivery or compliance is actually required on the relevant day (in which case no Waiting Period will apply), a period of three Local Business Days (or days that would have been Local Business Days but for the occurrence of that event or circumstance) following the occurrence of that event or circumstance; and
(b) in respect of an event or circumstance under Section 5(b)(ii), other than in the case of Section 5(b)(i)(2) where the relevant payment, delivery or compliance is actually required on the relevant day (in which case no Waiting Period will apply), a period of eight Local Business Days (or days that would have been Local Business Days but for the occurrence of that event or circumstance) following the occurrence of that event or circumstance.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF the parties have executed this document on the respective dates specified below with effect from the date specified on the first page of this document.
DTE Energy Trading, Inc. 	  Summer Energy, LLC By: /s/ Michael Hunt 	  By: /s/ Neil Leibman Name: Michael Hunt 	  Name: Neil Leibman Title: Vice President 	  Title: CEO-Summer Energy Date: 4/23/2014 	  Date: 4/1/2014
ISDAa 2002
ISDA®
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.
SCHEDULE
to the
2002 Master Agreement
dated as of April 1, 2014
between
DTE Energy Trading, Inc. ("Party A") 	  	  and Summer Energy, LLC ("Party B") established as a corporation under the laws of the State of Michigan 	  	  established as a limited liability company under the laws of Texas
Part 1. Termination Provisions.
(a) "Specified Entity" means in relation to Party A for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), Not Applicable
Section 5(a)(vi), Not Applicable
Section 5(a)(vii), Not Applicable
Section 5(b)(v), Not Applicable
and in relation to Party B for the purpose of:
Section 5(a)(v), Not Applicable
Section 5(a)(vi), Not Applicable
Section 5(a)(vii), Not Applicable
Section 5(b)(v), Not Applicable
(b) 	  "Specified Transaction" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement, except that such term is amended by adding in the eleventh line after "commodity" the words "(including without limitation, physical commodities such as electric power, electric power capacity, emission allowances, petroleum, crude oil, coal, natural gas, and byproducts thereof)".
(c) 	  The "Cross-Default" provisions of Section 5(a)(vi), as amended, will apply to Party A and, as amended, will apply to Party B.
(i) 	  Section 5(a)(vi) is hereby amended by deleting in the seventh line thereof the words ", or becoming capable at such time of being declared,".
"Specified Indebtedness" will have the meaning specified in Section 14 of this Agreement.
ISDAa 2002
"Threshold Amount" Not Applicable to Party A; and means with respect to Party B, two percent (2%) of Party B's shareholders' equity, (determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles) as at the end of its most recently completed fiscal year.
